Most people think computers will never be able to think.
It is more time-efficient to do several tasks sequentially than attempt to do them simultaneously.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and I together.
Pastafarians believe that an invisible and undetectable Flying Spaghetti Monster created the universe.
I don't speak Catalan.
Man is kind enough when he is not excited by religion.
Religion consists in a set of things which the average man thinks he believes, and wishes he was certain.
It's rare to meet nice people like you.
I couldn't take my eyes off of you from the minute I entered this room.
It's the first time in my life I've felt so connected with someone.
I would swim through the ocean just to see your smile again.
The sound of your voice is like a siren's song to me.
Would you like to become a trusted user?
The Great Jerboa is a species of rodent.
I don't speak Turkish.
History does not repeat itself, but it does rhyme.
Get the facts first. You can distort them later.
I don't think I want to see what a fly considers paradise.
Don't trouble trouble until trouble troubles you.
Swiper, no swiping!
We all have experienced the serendipity of relevant information arriving just when we were least expecting it.
I’m keeping my diary on Google+ so that no one reads it.
Our best pictures of the human mind suggest that we don't plop our mental activities into single, ordered boxes.
There is nothing like the dull thud of nylon on nylon.
They finally succeeded after many months of travail.
We squelched across the muddy field.
Beware of Greeks bearing gifts.
Game of Thrones has been credited with an increased popularity of fantasy themes and mainstream acceptance of the fantasy fandom.
I couldn't resist a touch of schadenfreude when he was defeated so heavily in the election.
I'm testing whether the language detection works again.
We moved the project to a new server.
Is it true that you just got out of prison?
My husband is at a conference. Would you like to get some coffee?
We are humans and we are from Earth.
What are your pronouns?
You smell terrible.
You stink.
I'm a Pisces, which means I believe in astrology.
Have you tried turning it off and then turning it back on?
Try turning it off and then turning it back on.
Turn it off, then turn it back on.
Don't turn it off yet.
We are women.
Women are people.
Chickenpox in children is considered a mild illness, but your child will probably feel pretty miserable and irritable while they have it.
His Noodliness, the Flying Spaghetti Monster is the ultimate truth in the universe.
Are you English?
Philosophers distinguish between a priori and a posteriori knowledge.
Catfish have no scales.
The liberty of man consists solely in this: that he obeys natural laws because he has himself recognized them as such, and not because they have been externally imposed upon him by any extrinsic will whatsoever, divine or human, collective or individual.
The workers have no country.
What seems to be the problem, officer?
To try to change men by law is just like trying to change your face by getting a new mirror. For men make laws, not laws men. The law merely reflects men as they are, as the mirror reflects your features.
The socialist insurgency expropriated the Apostolic Palace.
Occupying powers never consider an insurgency's cause to be valid.
It does not necessarily get better, but it can if we make it.
The inmates have taken over the asylum.
The myth of objectivity has played a central role in colonialism, allowing the experience of the colonized to be easily discounted while the objectivity of the colonizer's justice system is never questioned.
Some commentators have observed that we are living in a post-truth age.
My friends think Pastafarianism is a joke.
Peppa Pig is four years old, and George is eighteen months old.
The Wise Old Elf lives in the same tree as Ben in room ninety-eight.
He is a mutton-headed old mugwump.
To add insult to injury, she just found out she is pregnant.
Slowly but surely English is losing importance in Europe.
Felicity was born an adorable kitten and grew up to be an adorable cat.
I have never seen a compelling argument for religion. If I ever saw one I'd convert.
Excuse me, what's the soup du jour?
I'll have the soup du jour.
This new and improved coffee maker will revolutionize the way you start your morning.
Stop whingeing!
Religion is dying from decade to decade. It will take a while but the long arc of history is pointing in the right direction.
The best way to get rid of an earworm is to replace it with another.
The unpopular, unelected dictator's appointee rolled back protections for vulnerable populations in the name of the majority.
Someone else's life is not a conversation piece.
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is my favorite spaghetti western.
In times of great need, pet a cat.
Is that a mural of the building it's painted on?
The absentee landlord requires a state to enforce his claims to the property.
Progressives are always excited to learn the world is not as simple as they believed it was; reactionaries are angered by the very suggestion.
Boris asked me to give this to you.
A man walks into a bar...
Palestine has the indisputable right to defend its territory.
The guillotine may not be perfect but it's the best system we have.
I didn't know that was a thing.
All power to the syndicates!
Twenty minutes later a little girl came traipsing along.
It got better!
I'm a vegan, but my cat isn't.
All belongs to all.
"So I said to the judge, 'Your mama is guilty of public indecency!'" "No you didn't."
Gee willikers!
What does a cow say?
You're a good cat.
I'm just asking questions.
When the people have nothing more to eat, they will eat the rich.
The user must explicitly enter a value into this field.
I could fall asleep in this chair.
What's polyamory?
Since you mention it, I really would like to see the ruins of Persepolis.
Cathy is a fake goth.
These crisps are very moreish.
The aliens' upper arms are ridgy.
The images detached from every aspect of life merge into a common stream in which the unity of that life can no longer be recovered. Fragmented views of reality regroup themselves into a new unity as a separate pseudoworld that can only be looked at. The specialization of images of the world evolves into a world of autonomized images where even the deceivers are deceived. The spectacle is a concrete inversion of life, an autonomous movement of the nonliving.
The spectacle presents itself simultaneously as society itself, as a part of society, and as a means of unification. As a part of society, it is the focal point of all vision and all consciousness. But due to the very fact that this sector is separate, it is in reality the domain of delusion and false consciousness: the unification it achieves is nothing but an official language of universal separation.
The spectacle is not a collection of images; it is a social relation between people that is mediated by images.
Mutual aid does not require that people like each other, only that they have a common need.
With cat-like grace he leapt toward the ledge, missed it and fell to the ground below.
Publish or perish.
The websites of some predatory publishers look credible.
That's the worst joke I've ever heard.
Speak truth to power.
"I only know one surrealist, and that's Salvador Dalí." "Then you mean to say you don't know any surrealists."
Everybody's a critic.
Our enemies will vanish like dew in the sun.
It's not fair to deny me of the cross-eyed bear that you gave to me.
You're a good kitty.
You're a very good kitty.
Many people will add Kabyle in their profile; that's what they work for!
A volleyball player must be a good smasher.
I will leave next week!
Have you ever wondered if our universe is just a simulated political satire of one that actually exists?
Why do cops love doughnuts?
What would the Flying Spaghetti Monster do?
A Jackson always pays his debts.
If you can move mountains, you can move molehills.
North Koreans are really good at drawing lines because they have a Supreme Ruler.
The accomplishments of every civil rights movement could be turned back quickly if people get complacent.
Austria is the land of kangaroos.
Welcome to Austria. Please don't feed the kangaroos.
The nocebo effect is the opposite of the placebo effect.
Is it legal to hunt kangaroos in Austria?
Do you want to cuddle a koala? Come to Austria!
The United States is Canada's evil twin.
If everyone likes you, you're doing it wrong.
Live life as it comes.
You are broke, man!
You make me feel dizzy!
"Do you believe him?" "Not really!"
"Is it true?" "I think so!"
Using Linux in your target language is a great way to learn new vocabulary and gain practical experience.
Fido's a weird name for a cat.
I went to Austria, but I didn't see any kangaroos.
The kangaroo is a symbol of Austria, isn't it?
The work of George Orwell has been subverted by the same kind of counterrevolutionary elements he fought in Spain and opposed during World War II.
It's raining cats and dogs!
There are no good flags, only good people working together to enrich each other and their society.
It is difficult to separate the wheat from the chaff.
The chaff must be removed from the good wheat.
What we say, goes.
She will find her husband.
You saw yourself in the mirror.
Make sure the guillotine is in working condition.
Humans are involved in mutualisms with other species, too.
Of course they're fascists.
Enough blather; get to the point.
This manual is written in double Dutch.
Dominic Grieve has tabled a motion for a second referendum.
Antifascists often mask their faces to make themselves less identifiable to the police.
The amendment is still pending ratification.
After the goal was scored, the crowd turned to the giant TV to watch the action replay.
Were you trying to play footsy with me?
It feels good to come to the aid of somebody.
The stopping distance for an average car travelling 80km/h is 53m.
Our manufacturing plant uses precision instruments to make the best quality products.
If we don't restructure our business, we're going to go under.
The clouds thickened and it started to precipitate.
Does Mao meow?
In common usage, "economic freedom" often refers to unfettered economic exploitation.
I haven't seen a straight person in over a week.
Even if that were true, why would it matter?
Even if that were true, what difference would it make?
Even if you're right, what's the difference?
Even if that's true, what's the difference?
Why couldn't we survive on Mars?
What is the largest prime number smaller than a googolplex?
A specter is haunting Europe — the specter of communism.
Two things result from this fact.
I had no idea you were going to personalize the autograph.
I think it would be difficult to personalize every wedding invitation.
I don't think it's possible to personalize every invitation.
Don't waste your time on that pipe dream.
Because monocultural societies do not exist in reality, ethnostates are inherently oppressive.
Don't ask me; I'm a cat.
A depressingly large number of people are bothered by the fact that cats set boundaries.
I got elected.
In many languages, domestic cats are named after the "meow" sound they make.
That's why I cannot believe it.
This is the part I cannot believe.
The trade unions foster a state of affairs which allows one set of workers to be pitted against one another in wage wars.
We're living in the New Age of Fascism.
West and East are cardinal directions, not civilizations.
Cats are silly.
This movie's hard to watch now.
This movie's hard to watch nowadays.
Turn left onto Fifth Avenue.
Is it legal to recreationally hunt kangaroos in Austria?
Kangaroos are causing major headaches for Austrian farmers.
Please correct my mistakes.
I am willing to accept criticism.
I am happy to accept criticism.
I am happy to receive corrections.
Please feel free to correct my mistakes.
Please feel free to correct my grammar.
I'm still learning; please feel free to correct my mistakes.
Judaism includes the belief that everyone is born innocent.
Could you spare a dollar?
No one said self-control was easy.
No one said self-discipline was easy.
Would you guys like to share an orange?
Would you like to share an orange with me?
The colander is recognized in the Czech Republic and New Zealand as religious headgear.
We live in a society.
There are koalas in Austria.
Koalas can only be seen in Austria.
In the days when the judges judged, there was a famine in the land.
A certain man of Bethlehem Judah went to live in the country of Moab with his wife and his two sons.
She went out of the place where she was, and her two daughters-in-law with her. They went on the way to return to the land of Judah.
Then she kissed them, and they lifted up their voices, and wept.
They said to her, "No, but we will return with you to your people."
She said to her, "Go, my daughter."
They answered him, "May the Lord bless you."
At meal time Boaz said to her, "Come here, and eat some bread, and dip your morsel in the vinegar."
So she stayed close to the maidens of Boaz, to glean to the end of barley harvest and of wheat harvest; and she lived with her mother-in-law.
She told her all that the man had done for her. She said, "He gave me these six measures of barley; for he said, 'Don't go empty to your mother-in-law.'"
Then she said, "Wait, my daughter, until you know what will happen; for the man will not rest until he has settled this today."
He said, "I will redeem it."
No, you don't stink.
You smell fine.
We didn't walk.
You smell amazing.
You smell incredible.
We're not exactly friends, and we're not exactly enemies.
I don't expect details.
I don't enjoy solitude.
I wasn't really pretending.
Isn't this blue?
Isn't that blue?
Two squared equals four.
Five factorial equals one hundred and twenty.
10 plus 10 equals 100.
And then everyone stood up and clapped.
Seven minus two is five.
Twenty-five percent of fifty is twelve and a half.
Eleven times eleven is one hundred twenty-one.
Eleven times eleven is one hundred and twenty-one.
Twenty divided by two is ten.
The Dravidian languages of South India are unrelated to Hindi.
I'm going on vacation this summer.
I'll be going on vacation this summer.
We have a lot of moorhens in our pond.
He was poisoned by our enemies.
I'm ready if you're ready.
A semiprime is a natural number that is the product of two prime numbers.
We are the ones we've been waiting for.
The proof is left as an exercise to the reader.
L'Hôpital's rule uses derivatives to help evaluate limits involving indeterminate forms.
Every even integer greater than 2 can be expressed as the sum of two primes.
Jingoism is idolatry.
Enough of this whingeing!
Asperger syndrome is a form of autism.
Every even number greater than 2 is the sum of two primes.
The square root of 2 is irrational.
Would you like a cuppa?
Do you believe in our lord and saviour, the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
Why are you a Pastafarian?
Which is the cheapest, Lidl, Aldi or Asda?
Your shirt is back to front.
You can do it when you B&Q it.
What is the derivative of e^x?
To a bone that complained that a dog kept nibbling him, he said: Sorry, you are so hard and I do not have anything else to do.
You are the weakest link. Goodbye!
The British Prime Minister's real name is Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson.
This pizza is nearly perfect.
Gambling at a casino will most likely result in losing money.
Wild animals are not pets.
I've got to rush now.
There's no such thing as bad weather.
The Tube is less crowded today.
Don't forget to read your books.
Don't forget to return your books.
What is consciousness and why did it evolve?
Pantheism is harmless but not particularly interesting.
Kabyle is one of the languages threatened in Algeria.
Kabylia is a country apart.
Kabylie is the country of Kabyle people.
The Kabyle are Berber but they are secular unlike other Berbers.
Kabyle are the indigenous people of Algeria.
Kabylia has a long history.
When was Kabylia established?
Kabylia has an important port located in Bejaia.
Kabylian infrastructure is relatively good.
Kabylie is mainly mountainous which attracts a lot of tourists.
Algerians disguise the socio-political reality of their country by pride and hypocrisy.
The majority of Algerians behave like barbarians where they emigrate.
Feck!
The majority of Algerians support the Algerian military regime for lack of an Islamist regime.
The majority of Algerians are schizophrenic, they vote for Islamists but emigrate to the West.
Most Algerians will prefer French colonialism to seeing a Berber Algeria.
Islam is absolutely antinomic to freedom of worship.
In Kabylia, we speak the Kabyle language.
In Kabylie we eat couscous, the iconic dish of kabylie.
In Kabylia olive oil is used a lot.
Couscous is the traditional dish of Kabylie.
The majority of Kabyle are secular unlike the majority of Algerians.
The majority of Kabyle voters vote for secular parties, unlike the majority of Algerians.
Open sewers are very common in Algeria.
To be a policeman or a minister in Algeria you have to be a thug.
In Algeria there is no playground for children.
In Algeria children play in front of the sewers for lack of playground.
That certainly is specific, Moyshe.
The Algerian state is dictatorial.
We wish for fraternity to prevail over discord.
I understand absolutely nothing.
I did not understand anything.
I did not see anything.
Kabylie is a tolerant country unlike Algeria.
Kabylie is a secure country unlike Algeria.
Algeria does not respect human rights.
Algeria has never respected human rights.
Algeria will never respect human rights.
The Algerian army rigs the election.
The Kabyle speak Kabyle.
The Kabyle are not Algerian but only Kabyle.
Dinosaurs can be divided into avian dinosaurs and non-avian dinosaurs.
Algeria is the last country in the world for justice.
The Kabyle State protects its Kabyle citizens.
Algeria is an artificial country created by France.
Algerians veil their wives but deceive them too.
In Algeria autism is due to the evil eye.
The real president of the Algerians is General Gaïd Salah.
The real power in Algeria is in the hands of the political police.
The Algerian security system works exactly like the Gestapo.
The Algerian regime is a Stalinist regime.
Algeria is a dictatorial country.
In Algeria there is no tourism because of Islamists and thugs.
Exorcism is practiced in Algeria because we see evil everywhere.
In Algeria even doctors believe in exorcism and the evil eye.
General Gaïd Salah is a lion in Algeria but a worm in the West and everywhere else.
Bouteflika has reigned over Algerians for 20 years and since 2019 General Gaïd Salah has taken his place.
Algerians engage in the army only to oppress "other Algerians".
It's like you said: It's great!
It's as you said: it's perfect!
It's as you said: it's impeccable!
Monarchs get the guillotine.
This mistake cost me a leg.
This story cost me a limb.
Blame is like the wind; if we see it, we feel it.
Please clap.
You can not stop the dog from barking, let alone the liar from lying.
It appears more and more that we do not share the same planet.
We do not know that one, my friend. Please explain it to us!
The beating is a jerk that someone undergoes and will never forget.
I couldn't give a flying flamingo what your view is.
I didn't think Ruth was going to open Pandora's box like that.
Why wouldn't you stipulate that in the contract?
It's a good article, but it could use some copyediting.
I need your professional advice, Ruth.
Please like our Facebook page.
Like our Facebook page.
Don't forget to like, subscribe and share.
Don't forget to like, subscribe and turn on the bell notifications.
Go chase yourself!
If plowing could be done with nothing but a look, anyone would do it.
Write it for me in a sentence.
Eat, otherwise you'll be hungry!
Believe me, it hasn't been going well for a long time!
He saw that I was beside myself.
One nail drives out another, as say the elders.
We are still waiting for a sign that we must continue to believe that cordial science can make things happen.
The arugula that the cow did not want delighted the ox.
When the squash is pulled out, the trellis comes with it.
When the gears of a mill are ruined, what would its wheels be for?
People are right in saying that we really lend only to the rich!
I had to harvest oats but I found the chickpeas in good shape.
I was going to get taller when I was overtaken by my grandson.
Why are you meddling?
Louis is having a moment.
Once two people involved in a dispute have explained themselves, they arrange a compromise.
I am with you, to support your words.
I have no anger after what you said.
I do not feel any anger after what you said.
Your words did not upset me at all.
Micah likes to argue.
Perfection is inside, they say.
"If money does not bring peace, give it back," said Jules Renard.
Two mountains and a long plain are between us, my friend, sings Cherifa.
Do you speak Ladino?
I was removing fleas from the dog when he barked at me.
Learning a language includes learning to use and understand political and religious language.
If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
Poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese.
I am beside myself!
What is the most popular video in YouTube?
What is the most popular video in DTube?
Sugar molecules in food caramelise at around 180 degree Celsius.
Cats are very important people.
Wikipedia has been blocked in Turkey since April 29, 2017.
Slice the kale, and add it to a pan, with olive oil, garlic, salt and pepper, and wait until it is soft and tasty.
Mathematics is just a subset of type theory.
I have been here since yesterday.
Thus spake Zarathustra.
Did you just learn that word?
Did you just learn that word today?
"Imbecile." "Did you just learn that word today?"
"Imbecile." "Did you just learn that word?"
Only poetry lasts for ever.
He went to visit her while she was living in London.
The connexion is miserable today!
It is our duty to leave to posterity what we know and what we will have gathered.
When someone forgets you, do not bother him.
When someone ignores you, do not bother him.
Private property is theft.
Don't see your language on Common Voice yet?
In Progress.
These languages are currently under community development.
The "Help" link takes you to a page of frequently asked questions.
Sign up for Common Voice newsletters, goal reminders and progress updates.
Help us find others to donate their voice!
This content is available under a Creative Commons license.
Voice recognition technologies bring a human dimension to our devices, but developers need an enormous amount of voice data to build them.
Currently, most of that data is expensive and proprietary.
Together we can make voice recognition better for everyone.
We’re crowdsourcing an open-source dataset of voices.
Donate your voice, validate the accuracy of other people’s clips, make the dataset better for everyone.
Contributors record voice clips by reading from a bank of donated sentences.
Users validate the accuracy of donated clips, checking that the speaker read the sentence correctly.
Is the clip valid?
A voice clip is marked "valid" when a user gives it a Yes vote.
To make it into the Common Voice dataset, a voice clip must be validated by two separate users.
The Clip Graveyard consists of voice clips that didn't make it into the Common Voice dataset.
Get involved.
Want to help make Common Voice even better?
Get in touch via email or on Discourse, submit feedback through GitHub, or join us on Slack.
Click the play icon. Did they say the sentence accurately?
Common Voice’s multi-language dataset is already the largest publicly available voice dataset of its kind, but it’s not the only one.
He did not say a single word.
Anarchy is order.
Kiss to your heart's content.
Do kiss to your heart's content.
I don't know nothing!
I willingly give the grain to the hase and I even give up the straw.
I leave the grain to the hase and I even give up the straw.
She's hated him as long as I can remember.
I have the best words.
The Berber flag has an upper band of blue like the Mediterranean Sea, then a green band like the plains of Tamazgha, and finally a yellow band representing the desert. Upon these stripes is superimposed the letter Aza (yaz) ⵥ, symbolizing the tifinagh, ancient writing of Imazighen, in red, representing blood and freedom.
All intellectual property is theft from the public domain.
He squeaks all the time like a door with rusty hinges.
That probably didn't happen.
That probably didn't happen the way he said it did.
I wouldn't believe that happened the way he said it did.
I don't believe that happened the way he said it did.
I don't think that happened the way he said it did.
He's probably exaggerating.
I'm not sure it's worth looking into.
This pizza is terrible.
Don't wake the cat.
"I don't think your cat likes me." "Oh trust me, she won't leave you alone once she warms up to you."
Watch your step; the cat's around here somewhere.
Their pizza is the worst.
The dog's getting old.
You can't expect everyone to understand.
Not everyone is going to understand.
Would you believe that old dog wasn't supposed to live past a year?
Can you believe that old dog wasn't supposed to live past a year?
No one's ever been there.
No one's ever come back from there.
No one's ever been there and lived to tell the tale.
Lots of people have tried.
That's a little silly, don't you think?
Don't you think that's a little silly?
Watch your step; there's a cat around here somewhere.
Don't step on the cat.
We demand your unconditional surrender.
And no mervaile, for there is a great Lord present amongst them, as superintendent over their pastimes and sportes, namely, Sathan, prince of hel.
I am on strike from the 8th to the 12th of December.
Goodness me!
Judaism defies easy categorization.
I don't understand quantum physics.
The cat's asleep.
The ferret's asleep.
The turtle's asleep.
Why would you want a pet turtle?
I'd like to start a bunny shelter.
I know of a bunny shelter in Ohio.
Pigs are very intelligent animals.
I think pigs are adorable.
Pigs are adorable.
I've got a pet tarantula.
My tarantula's name is Gemini.
My ultrasound is on Tuesday.
It can happen here, too.
It could happen here, too.
And that man was Albert Einstein.
"John, is that you?" "Noooo, it's Santa Claus!"
I'm not eligible to vote.
It is a colonial divide-and-conquer strategy to pit religious people against one another.
Divide-and-conquer strategies involve pitting groups against one another.
My mother has worked for most of her life.
My mother has worked most of her life.
My mother loves football.
My grandmother loved football and baseball.
Winner winner chicken dinner!
I wish you a year of peace and happiness.
I wish him a year of peace and happiness.
I wish her a year of peace and happiness.
George Soros learned Esperanto from a young age, but it has never been confirmed that he is a native speaker.
We always need others even if one is in adequacy with oneself me. The doubt! We also say, better to be wrong together than to be right alone.
It's always good to meet another ace person.
If Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her.
When I look at myself in the first grade and I look at myself now, I’m basically the same. The temperament is not that different.
I think I am actually humble. I think I'm much more humble than you would understand.
The apple I gave John is red.
She's a mousy woman.
She's very self-conscious.
He's very self-conscious.
Free East Turkestan!
Free Tibet!
Free Rojava!
That's a very pretty tree.
Socialism is when the government does stuff.
He's always mansplaining.
What a disorder!
What do you want, cat?
Thanks, I hate it.
That's a pen.
That's a pen, not a pencil.
That's a pencil, not a pen.
That's not a pencil; it's a pen.
That's not a pen; it's a pencil.
Cats are very affectionate.
Cats can be very affectionate.
Everyone is losing their minds.
We went to the Aga Khan Museum.
"Thanks." "No, thank YOU!"
The game was fixed.
The match was fixed.
The game was rigged.
"I'm hungry." "Hi Hungry; I'm Dad!"
Gambling needs to be looked at not as a personal failing, but as an aspect of an exploitative system.
If you need more room on the screen, you can toggle the sidebar off.
He had a tendency to seize on any insecurity he saw.
I wear this tinfoil hat to keep the Pentagon from spying on me.
She works at the Pentagon.
I'd like to see the Pentagon dismantled.
She'd like to see the Pentagon dismantled.
Aviva plays in a Mastodon tribute band.
Aviva plays in a Pink Floyd tribute band.
Solipsism only exists if I believe it does.
I don't get why you would pride yourself on being a jerk.
You pride yourself on being pretentious, don't you?
You pride yourself on being a jerk.
I need to unclutter my desktop.
I need to declutter my purse.
All languages are dialects.
I know you're not wrong.
Anarchy isn't a lack of rules; it's a lack of rulers.
Every anarchist is a socialist, but every socialist is not necessarily an anarchist.
We anarchists do not want to emancipate the people; we want the people to emancipate themselves.
Nations are socially constructed.
The Klingon word for Algeria has yet to be revealed.
The Klingon word for Morocco is "maghrIb."
The Klingon word for Libya is "lIbya'."
The Klingon word for Syria is "Surya'."
I'm not fluent in Klingon.
There is enough food in the world to feed everyone.
I love you beyond words.
You can't trust the police.
You can't trust the police here.
Please don't take off your socks.
You don't have to take your socks off.
I stole a car.
Why would you steal a car?
Did you learn your lesson?
Did you face any consequences?
Were there any repercussions?
Your cat is a thief.
Your dog is a thief.
"Your ferret is a thief." "That makes sense."
Alright, I'm going for a wee.
Michael Bloomberg pays people to construct a reality where he is worshipped.
You claim to be an empiricist, and yet you believe in "natural rights." Curious.
Pretending to be surprised is his shtick.
Pretending to be surprised is her shtick.
"Why's he always like that?" "It's his shtick."
If she's serious, why does she consort with fascists?
If Aviva hates fascism, why does she consort with Kahanists?
DNF is the replacement for the YUM package manager in newer versions of Redhat Linux.
We just saw his pretenses of moderate politics fall to pieces.
Do you consort with Proud Boys regularly, or did you just happen upon them?
Sponges are porous.
The people you consort with take all the guesswork out of determining your politics.
For all intents and purposes, he's a fascist.
Being guilt-ridden doesn't change anything.
In India, restaurants typically have veg and non-veg options.
My invention principally consists in the placing within a boiler spongy, porous, or solid substances of various kinds, so as to fill, or nearly to fill, its internal cavity, with the exception of the spaces between, or within, such substances.
It is of a moderately fine, but unequal texture, considerably firm and hard, yet in many places loose, irregular and porous.
Part of this snow, which is not dissolved during summer, impregnated with rain and snow-water, is frozen during winter, and forms that opaque and porous ice of which the Lower Glaciers are composed.
George Orwell was a violent antifascist.
George Orwell was a supporter of what we now know as "political correctness," considering it to be "only the most ordinary politeness."
No one deserves his torments.
Nobody deserves his misfortunes.
I'm learning Ladino.
There's a kitten on our porch.
Cats are baby-sized.
Welcome, O life! I go to encounter for the millionth time the reality of experience and to forge in the smithy of my soul the uncreated conscience of my race.
Omri doesn't trust Wikipedia.
Omri doesn't use Facebook.
Mina is innocent.
Conceit, arrogance and egotism are the essentials of patriotism.
The paramount question of the day is not political, is not religious, but is economic.
I saw him nodding out on the bus.
The poet's work has stood the test of time.
I don't read the news.
I avoid reading the news.
I need to stop reading the news.
You're creative; I'm not.
I'm reading a story in Yiddish.
I'm reading a story by I. J. Singer.
We're updating our Terms of Service.
We're updating our Privacy Policy.
We've updated our Privacy Policy; it no longer contains anything.
He lives out in the boondocks.
She had an excellent wife.
I'm most definitely not straight and I find the insinuation insulting.
I'm most definitely not straight.
We have a platypus.
We got this.
I'm considering becoming a leftist.
To keep their power structures intact, corrupt politicians often rail against leftists.
Tova is a reactionary.
Tova is a leftist.
Employers don't create work; they exploit it.
I'm not a cat.
What's the capital of Iraq?
What's the capital of Syria?
What's the capital of Russia?
What's the capital of Belarus?
Where can I get pizza around here?
Where can I get Thai food around here?
Are there any Thai restaurants around here?
What restaurants are nearby?
What pharmacies are nearby?
What grocery stores are nearby?
Are there any grocery stores near me?
Are there any grocery stores around here?
What song is playing right now?
What's the distance between Mexico City and São Paulo?
What's the distance between Mumbai and Delhi?
What's the distance between New York and Mexico City?
What's the distance between New York and Los Angeles?
What's the distance between Los Angeles and New York?
What's the distance between Lagos and Cairo?
What's the distance between Dhaka and Kolkata?
What's the distance between Dhaka and Beijing?
I'd like to book a flight from Osaka to Los Angeles.
What's the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Moscow?
I want a stegosaurus.
The people responsible for the opioid epidemic will never face any consequences.
Aliens have landed in Central Park.
I'm writing this from space.
I'm typing this from space.
An alien messenger gave Noah advance notice of the imminent destruction of his planet.
I brought some puzzles.
I brought some puzzles. Would you like to do them together?
Winter never left.
I live in space.
I don't remember you having seven arms.
What happened to your eighth arm?
I want some of whatever you're on.
People here are weird.
English, Russian, and Hindi descend from a common ancestor language.
English, Russian, Spanish, and Hindi descend from a common ancestor language.
Juhuri, Persian, Kurdish, and Pashto are Iranian languages.
I hate the Internet.
I hate and I love the Internet.
Stop doing it, you mindless muppets.
The Axis occupation of Greece lasted three years.
No state has the right to exist.
The United States has never been a democratic society.
People used to call me lazy, but now all of a sudden I'm a responsible citizen.
Oakland is a sanctuary city.
Seattle is a sanctuary city.
Boston is a sanctuary city.
Is Boston a sanctuary city?
Balthazar, at random!
It's at random, Balthazar!
Britney Spears has called for wealth redistribution and a general strike.
"I've started practicing omerta." "You're doing it wrong."
The Pharisees believed anyone could become learned in Torah, regardless of their station in life.
The correct answer isn't always in the middle.
The truth isn't always somewhere in the middle.
Both sides don't always make equally good points.
Both sides of an argument aren't always equally valid.
They do not tell us everything.
Stay where you are until the story is resolved.
Turning the tide, you are on the incoming wave.
Layla is an English interpreter.
We have a capybara.
Do capybaras get along with dogs?
Do capybaras get along with stegosauruses?
My Yiddish really isn't that good.
My Greek really isn't that good.
My Shanghainese isn't very good at all.
My Telugu is really pretty terrible.
I don't speak much Telugu at all.
I really like summer. In fact, it's my favourite week of the year.
There is no baseless rumor.
Robert is old money.
That was my rug!
Wherever we are, it's a disaster! We will never forget this calamity! If we survive!
Do not chew on both sides of the jaws at the same time.
Do not run after two hares at the same time.
Don't try to be in two places at the same time.
I thirst for your words.
I'm hungry for your words.
I hunger for your words.
Don't trust misogynists.
Misogynists hate feminism.
The team needs to define the scope of the project by Monday.
The implementation does not meet the specified requirements.
If you have to tolerate me, you're missing the point entirely.
Anyway, the bat that is believed to be the source of the COVID-19 virus will have stunned us, since no one expected it.
It is true that we have the art of missing opportunities.
We live in a cisnormative society.
Smoke weed every day.
Most psychiatric wards are still very abusive and traumatizing places.
Just because you have rights on paper doesn't mean they'll be respected.
Have you ever eaten a bat?
I'm not that religious.
The cat wants to go out.
My car needs fixed.
The dishes need done.
If everyone likes you, you're fake.
"Cold cannot stop us, nor the heat of the sun discourage us," said one of our poets.
This one is a real simpleton, for sure. And he's a president.
There is no need to explain to a sage what is expected of him.
There is no need to explain to a sage what we expect from him.
Hungarian and Turkish are very similar in terms of grammar.
People are silly.
Anyway, the bat that is believed to be the source of the COVID-19 virus will have flabbergasted us, since no one expected it.
This is the fable of the goat saying to the jackal: "Even when I graze, I watch you!"
This is the fable of the goat saying to the jackal: "Even when I graze, I watch!"
Watch while grazing!
Don't worry but question the gourd!
Don't worry, just be concerned!
He will be in a lot of trouble later! His day will come!
The cow mooed.
I'd have another cup of coffee if I were you.
Is anyone here a cohen?
Let the chips fall where they may!
What will be will be!
Whatever happens!
It's very cheap to live off of rice and legumes.
Rochel lives off of rice and legumes.
When a cat blinks slowly, it means they trust you.
When cats roll their ears back, it means they're scared and may try to defend themselves unless they're left alone.
I'm almost up.
I'm quite up.
You, I think you just want to klash me a cable.
Let it flow.
Let it slide.
Just lay back and watch it like a play.
He moved astonishingly fast.
He moved with astonishing rapidity.
His movements were astonishingly rapid.
His rapid movements astonished us.
His movements astonished us by their rapidity.
The rapidity of his movements was astonishing.
The rapidity with which he moved astonished us.
He pressed too hard on it, so it broke.
He astonished us by moving rapidly.
He astonished us by his rapid movements.
He leaned on it so much that it broke.
He astonished us by the rapidity of his movements.
My uncle lent the joiner five shillings.
Can he write?
Will he write?
Has he written?
Does he write?
I gave a shilling to the boy.
I gave the boy a shilling.
He will start at six.
The congress is to be held next year.
The conference is to be held next year.
He may yet come.
He may come yet.
You mustn't walk there.
He is coming.
He is going to come.
I cut my finger every day.
I cut my finger yesterday.
Our kings love their subjects.
He cuts his finger every day.
He cut his finger yesterday.
Our kings admire their subjects.
Adjectives in English are often used as adverbs with no change in form.
I wish I had no children.
Stan is Dipper and Mabel's great-uncle.
Stan is Dipper and Mabel's gruncle.
Communism will prevail.
Communism will win.
Communism will win!
Communism will prevail!
Why would anyone respond to your text?
Borech punched Gavin McInnes in the face.
Rochel punched Boris Johnson in the face.
Will he stay long?
Men were deceivers ever.
All human beings have been, are, and always will be mortal.
I wish we knew.
It is time you went to bed.
The absent are always at fault.
You are a scoundrel.
Not a single one of these definitions is either exhaustive or cogent.
We teaed at the vicarage.
A dog is that animal which another dog will instinctively recognize as such.
Punic is very similar to Hebrew.
If I go back to eat their indigestible stuff, let the poison take me away.
Marriage is between a man and a man wearing a cape.
Whenever someone blames immigrants for their problems, a millionaire opens a bottle of champagne.
Where did you put the Hitachi wand?
My girlfriend is packing the vaporizer.
What's the difference between a wizard and a sorcerer?
My girlfriend's boyfriend started a new game of Diablo.
My familiar is a unicorn.
We're almost out of pop.
The cat's lying next to me.
That cat's a trip.
I went to pet the cat and she sneezed on me.
Have you had your tea yet?
He is a bore.
He is tedious.
You are a dear.
You are dear to me.
On the contrary.
His cap was new.
His was a new cap.
There were only two men.
There were only two.
One never knows.
He speaks.
He is eating the apple.
He will eat the apple.
He has eaten the apple.
He plays.
He sings.
He sings a song.
Troy was a city.
Troy was a city in present-day Turkey.
He is able to sing.
He wants to sing.
Put your cap on.
Put your cap on your head.
He was in.
Is the doctor in?
He climbed up.
He ascended.
He descended.
It was near one o'clock.
It was nearly one o'clock.
He walked past the door at half-past one.
He walked past.
He laughed for joy.
I believe your words.
I believe your word.
They have lived happily ever since.
They have lived happily since their marriage.
They have lived happily since they were married.
He and I are great friends.
She sang and danced.
Was it blue or green?
She sang and he danced.
He and his wife are coming.
He is coming with his wife.
Why!
Fiddlesticks!
I like you nearly as well as her.
I like you nearly as well as she.
I like you better than her.
I like you better than she.
He happened to fall.
He fell accidentally.
You're very dear to me.
What is a word?
When did she arrive?
She arrived yesterday.
I can see the dog.
He's running after the dog.
The dog and the cat ran away.
I saw him run after the dog.
I bought it at the butcher's.
St. Paul's is a fine building.
I bought it cheap.
It's up to me to thank you.
Is that a stegosaurus?
Is that a dragon?
One of them is an old man; he is now bedridden.
The path that will save us the journey is the one that we take directly.
Wake up, sheeple!
Not every language uses the same punctuation mark to mean the same thing.
This is a consular mission.
The concept of hypertext predates the World Wide Web.
HyperCard was an early implementation of hypertext.
Why don't we meet up and compare notes?
We'll have to compare notes and see what each of us has learned.
The dative case marks an indirect object.
I'm a member of the Tribe of Levi.
What in tarnation?
Are you just going to stand there and masticate in front of everyone?
Are the shadow people afraid of us, too?
I saw the elves again.
The shadow people are spies from another dimension.
Can you take care of the stegosaurus while I'm on vacation?
I've never even been to England.
One day — it's like a miracle — it will disappear.
The Coronavirus is very much under control in the USA.
No, I'm not concerned at all. No, we've done a great job with it.
Just stay calm. It will go away.
We have a Flemish Giant.
Karen asked to speak to the manager.
"No pain, no gain," as they say.
She's proud of her wife.
Free Bolivia!
Shloyme wants to be a writer.
Omid is Bahá'í.
Aren't you a wizard?
Dario is a socialist.
I'm going to eat my tea now.
In my heart of hearts I know it's true.
"I remember, as if it was yesterday, the locusts that ravaged our vines; from east to west, they were rushing; our community couldn't take it anymore ...", sang Idir in his song "Cfiɣ".
I call it the super duper missile.
This is what fascists actually believe.
This is what antisemites actually believe.
These magic wands are edible.
Does your husband like to wear make-up?
I think the world would unite if I were the leader of the United States.
You could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever.
I will be phenomenal to the women. I mean, I want to help women.
Rarely is the question asked: Are — is our children learning?
My grandmother's family came from Újpest.
You've been hearing me say it's a rigged system, but now I don't say it anymore because I won. It's true. Now I don't care.
What a cute doggo!
I hear there's rumors on the, uh, Internets, that we're going to have a draft.
Snails are hermaphrodites.
Poets don't make very good proofreaders.
One of the kittens has an eye infection, and both have the sniffles.
We're not sure where the mother is.
Do you think he's cute?
Do you find him cute?
Do you find him pretty?
What's Libya like?
What's Morocco like?
What's Tunisia like?
What's Worcester like?
What's a cathedral city?
I was born in Atlantis.
I have an impulse control problem.
Ladino has been spoken in Jerusalem for over 500 years.
Chauvinism is toxic.
Chauvinism is oppressive.
Kittens are too adorable.
I am not cute!
Free Catalonia!
You cannot shackle the BDSM community and beat it into submission.
Free Occitania!
Free Scotland!
Free Wales!
Free Kurdistan!
"I love stale bread." "That's weird."
We're fostering two kittens.
Could you help me beat this boss?
Free Cornwall!
Free Brittany!
I'm spent.
I'm religious, but not spiritual.
Cats sleep a lot.
I've never seen a baby stegosaurus.
Josh is a veteran of three keyboard wars.
Unless you're me, I'm not going to judge you too harshly.
If you're not me, then I probably won't judge you too harshly.
I haven't picked that research up in a while.
Similar things happened in other countries.
I think that'd be a good direction to look in.
There were a lot of Western Yiddish dialects.
I think that can be the case with a lot of things.
Yeah, you got us.
I'll try and find a specific example.
I'm online acquaintances with one of their writers.
I didn't learn much I didn't already have experience with.
On all counts, this is probably a good thing.
They got rid of their comments section.
I'm glad we're doing this.
They could go to someone else.
They'll get their vaccines.
But we have three cats.
We're going to need to find a new place soon.
I'm trying to figure out what's open and what isn't.
I'm trying to figure out whether I can leave the state.
I know some beaches have opened in some parts of the state.
I know some beaches have opened.
Just sweep it under the rug.
It doesn't seem to ever really get to a point.
Also, I just started mirroring that on a non-Google service.
He's the nicest guy, or can be.
He got out last time, relapsed, and went back in.
It's not a total surprise.
He's been quarantined for seven days.
I think you sent that message to the wrong person.
I haven't yet installed it.
It just came.
It's going OK.
She's been quarantined for seven days.
Maybe it'd be good for her.
Maybe it would be good for her.
No one is perfect, and certainly not me.
That's not the way it is at the moment.
We're going to have somewhere to go no matter what.
Because of COVID, it won't be happening too soon.
It's worth continuing to read.
It was at the front door.
We're trying to figure it out.
That's probably mostly my anxiety.
I've not been doing much.
I'm still not quite sure.
That sounds great!
I'm auditing the course.
I watched the first lecture and read the syllabus.
So far he hasn't charged me anything.
I see it as being like a book club.
I'm doing a daily 30-minute online Mishnah study.
Did you get the readings I sent you?
I just sent you another.
I can send it to you when I get back to my computer.
I'm not very emotionally stable.
One of the kittens fell asleep in my lap.
It's as long as we wake up.
Adolf Eichmann hated rules and was contemptuous of bureaucracy.
"Bleach it or bleach us," said the almond tree to the snow.
Why do you hate America?
Ruth always says that.
Why would Ruth, of all people, think that?
I think the picture is gorgeous.
I think the picture of them is gorgeous.
I totally get it, too.
I totally get it.
Ruth loves it, too.
This is some of your best work.
What's the second one?
I don't get it often.
Also, it's probably true.
I love them and I love you.
I've seen that one around.
Someone cited his junk theory in an actual medical journal.
It's a two-way street.
That's not good or healthy.
Maybe I'm speaking in truisms.
That doesn't mean I wanted it.
I love that band, too.
It's never worthwhile.
It's always toxic.
I only know the song because it was a meme.
I know that's a bad idea.
I've never felt that.
I missed the opportunity to get to know her better.
I'd rather be crying than not crying.
I wonder if they say the same thing.
It's a difficult topic.
I need to follow up.
Cats are so sweet.
Ruth taught me to knit.
Antifa is necessary as long as there is fascism.
It's no surprise that fascists hate antifascists.
Antifa helped rebuild Europe after World War II.
They took advantage against us.
Happy Pride!
No justice, no peace.
I can't stop drumming on my chest.
Hatsune Miku created Minecraft.
Minecraft is a sandbox video game created by Hatsune Miku.
What's-his-face is boring.
Eat, eat!
Put a sweater on! You want to catch a cold?
Don't swim right after you eat.
Enough with the disclaimers; get on with it.
Conformity is boring.
Heath can be so condescending.
A spectre is haunting America — the spectre of British English.
I finally asked him point-blank: did he write that atrocious article?
What was that stuff you just snorted, anyway?
You're an obligate carnivore! You don't want my salad, cat!
War is peace. Surveillance is liberty. Ignorance is strength.
Scratch your kitties for me.
All good?
Do I pull the red wire or the blue one?
Punctuation is important.
You had better bow to the impossible.
The child is a dear.
I am that sleepy.
She wants some rest.
He came here to see you.
He did not stay here for long.
He's only just back from abroad.
He left there at two o'clock.
Motion requires a here and a there.
The government of the Tudors was the direct opposite to the government of Augustus.
Sunday afternoon was fine.
It had taken him ever since to get used to the idea.
He slept all Sunday afternoon.
He went to all the principal cities of Europe.
He lives next door to Captain Strong.
He used to laugh a good deal.
Things shall go man-of-war fashion.
He ran upstairs three steps at a time.
What are you on?
Steve Irwin was a famous Austrian TV personality.
In the United States, it requires more training to become a barber than it does to become a police officer.
Self-flagellation is pointless.
Listen really closely.
What a load of absolute codswallop.
Nothing happens in a vacuum.
Bagsy the front seat!
When we can finally sleep, we will rest.
I love philosophical languages.
I love experimental languages.
I love international auxiliary languages.
I love fictional languages.
I love Berber languages.
I love Chadic languages.
I love Omotic languages.
I love Afroasiatic languages.
I love Canaanite languages.
I love East Semitic languages.
The mouse wants to catch the cat.
"Why do you want to climb Mount Everest?" "Because it's there."
Akkadian is interesting.
Sumerian is interesting.
Ugaritic is interesting.
Don't let your judgment cloud your emotions.
I'm more exhausted than you could possibly understand.
I actually do hate America.
I have many reasons.
I'm trying to get pregnant.
We're trying to get pregnant.
My pants are pants.
According to Judaism, Elijah will return to herald the coming of the Messiah.
We gave him the apple.
At Acme Corporation, we value your safety. This is why we're including a free bottle of hand sanitizer with every product ordered.
I have a monopoly on the truth.
Australia is a landlocked country.
Austria is both a country and a continent.
This widely-held belief is archeologically inaccurate.
Archeologically speaking, there was never any Hebrew conquest of Canaan.
Linguistically speaking, the verb ser expresses the gnomic aspect while estar expresses the episodic aspect.
Old English literature was gnomic and alliterative.
This country is a disaster.
Kabyle is a Berber language.
Shawiya is a Berber language.
Tawellemmet is a Berber language.
Tamahaq is a Berber language.
I love Indo-Iranian languages.
I love Iranian languages.
I love Indo-Aryan languages.
I love the Tocharian languages.
I love Anatolian languages.
I love language isolates.
Hindustani is an Indo-Aryan language.
Hindi and Urdu are standardized varieties of the Hindustani language.
I love Western Iranian languages.
I love Eastern Iranian languages.
Avestan and Old Persian were Old Iranian languages.
I love Baltic languages.
I love Austroasiatic languages.
I love Kra-Dai languages.
I love Dravidian languages.
I think I'm getting arthritis.
Words express what cannot be said in music.
"This one is yours, this one is mine and the other, we share it." This is what we would have said if we want to make lie the Kabyle fable of the couple of frogs when the male said: "This one is mine, this one is mine and the other, we share it", the day they decided to separate.
Nobody has innate knowledge.
She has a heavy Mid-Atlantic accent.
She came unannounced.
She's used to getting whatever she wants.
There is a lot that is happening right now.
Oh, gosh!
I'm completely useless.
Omid is Persian.
We live in a kakistocratic society.
Capitalism is kakistocratic.
Press the right arrow key to continue.
My keyboard is missing a left arrow key.
He's a member of the ancient priestly caste.
Teach me to panhandle.
I'm trying to panhandle enough money to get a sandwich.
I can't believe watermelons exist. Why would a plant make its fruit so delicious?
The cat wants the window opened.
What noise does a stegosaurus make?
I can understand her French pretty well.
I'm extremely depressed lately.
I've been extremely depressed lately.
It's a complicated thing for so many reasons.
I just had to get that clarified.
You could wear a wig for a while while you grew your hair out.
Pirates from Boston say, "Ahhhhh!"
The tyrannosaurus escaped.
Sometimes, it's in the questions, when they're well-formed, that the answers are found.
Josephus was not an impartial historian.
My brother's ex works for Amnesty International.
The dragon escaped.
My dream is to study Yiddish in Vilnius.
My dream is to study Yiddish in New York.
My dream is to study Bengali in Dhaka.
My dream is to study Kannada in Mysore.
My dream is to study Kannada in Bengaluru.
My dream is to study Telugu in Hyderabad.
My dream is to study Ladino in Istanbul.
My dream is to study Ladino in Jerusalem.
My dream is to study Yiddish in Montreal.
My dream is to study French in Montreal.
My dream is to study Yiddish in Kraków.
My dream is to study Argentinian Spanish in Berlin.
My dream is to study British English in New York.
My dream is to study Klingon on Kronos.
My dream is to study Quenya in Tirion.
My dream is to study Sindarin in Rivendell.
My dream is to study Sindarin in Lothlórien.
My dream is to study Quenya in Alqualondë.
My dream is to study Atayal in Wulai.
My goal is to write a villanelle and unclog my right ear.
My dream is to study Guarani in Asunción.
"Cultural Marxism" is an antisemitic dog whistle.
With all due respect, that's a bunch of malarkey!
My dream is to study Ancient Greek in Athens.
I don't want to take the garbage out.
I don't want to wash the dishes.
I don't want to do the dishes.
A baby fox is called a kit.
Don't drink the Kool-Aid.
I see you drank the open-source Kool-Aid.
Reality is complicated.
Science is counterintuitive.
Free the police dogs!
That's a heckin' good pupper you got there.
You are wicked.
He is fed up.
He takes it upon himself.
That's wicked cool.
"I'm having back pain, so I'm seeing a chiropractor." "Well, don't drink the Kool-Aid."
"I was just cleaning and found a few things." "Did you see my red shirt?" "Unfortunately, no."
I love grilled mushrooms.
We're cooking shish kebabs.
I could live off of mushrooms for the rest of my life.
My partner grills the best mushrooms.
You get dreams for free.
We get dreams for free.
Did you copy and paste this from somewhere?
It's a good and natural sentence.
That's an awkward way of putting it.
Granted, native speakers will often say things awkwardly.
All cops are pigs.
We must not beat the milk hand-milked by others.
Suffering is not a virtue.
Since daybreak, he hasn't stopped chattering.
Pigs are very intelligent.
Pigs are very smart.
Pigs are smarter than dogs and cats.
Pigs are adorable. I want one.
Free Turtle Island!
Our cat is very high-strung.
A variable of global scope can be referenced anywhere in the program.
Awareness is necessary but not sufficient.
I've brought the website into compliance with W3C standards.
I like basmati rice.
The recipe calls for basmati rice.
Helen Keller was a member of the Industrial Workers of the World.
Have you sent the book?
Have you sent the book yet?
In the United States, "right to work" is doublespeak for union-busting measures.
Diogenes was the first punk.
Karen demanded to speak to the manager.
Karen demanded to speak to the manager this instant.
Our soup of the day is beer.
Single-payer healthcare is necessary so that no one is dependent on a company that decides not to cover their healthcare for "religious" reasons.
The PDF is searchable.
Only the English parts of the PDF are searchable, unfortunately.
Kittens love to cuddle.
Kittens are soft and fluffy.
A face covering is required.
Why are kittens so cute?
Take everything in moderation, especially moderation.
Hate has its place.
I don't write anymore.
I swear I have absolutely nothing.
Society is a cult.
I'm an ancient Hebrew.
Cats are magic.
In French, I manage to fend myself; in Kabyle, on the other hand, the road will be longer.
Even if we do not immediately succeed in leading the Kabyle to its peak, others will succeed.
She has strong opinions on the issues of the day.
Yes, I am hale and hearty!
Many continue to participate in it by using relics of this very same genocide against its victims.
Most of the communities remained in touch using Hebrew as a written lingua franca; others became isolated.
The kitten seems to be feeling better this morning.
It's a complete mess.
I want no part of it anymore.
I definitely want to read that.
Cats are complex individuals.
Nobody knew health care could be so complicated.
What a crowd; what a turnout.
Kim Jong-un speaks and his people sit up at attention. I want my people to do the same.
I have a natural instinct for science.
What you're seeing and what you're reading is not what's happening.
Flying ants are very annoying insects.
I can speak a little French, but I'm not fluent.
I speak a little French, but I'm not fluent.
We still have such a long way to go to reach our goal in this world!
I love my mums.
I love my moms.
I love my dads.
I can't believe such a lazy man will accomplish his job!
Love like you've never been hurt.
Klingon is my favorite international auxiliary language.
Greta is Lithuanian.
The apple isn't red.
I'm not giving John the apple.
Plowing looks so easy when you see it done by others.
Rachel's going to be out of commission for a while.
7-Up used to have lithium in it.
Here I am, where you are.
You'll soon see me getting to where you are.
The Internet has not exactly enlightened the world.
Wherever I left my stones, I'll go back, said the river.
This is the last stage of fascism.
Many people don't understand cats.
My dream is to study Marathi in Mumbai.
Marathi is an Indo-Aryan language.
Sindhi is an Indo-Aryan language.
My dream is to study Sindhi in Karachi.
Pashto is an Eastern Iranian language.
Kittens make the world tolerable.
Befriending a cat requires respecting its boundaries.
I'm just checking to see if we're still on for 5.
Are we still on for 5?
I wish I knew more.
Most of what I know, I know from what my parents told me.
When I was younger I wasn't as interested, unfortunately.
Sounds great.
Does that still work for you?
I found the Yiddish version on the Yiddish Book Center's website.
Could you please print this?
Marie is the Queen of France.
Expect her to get the sack for always being late to work.
Expect her to get the sack, since she is often late for work.
I leaned on him; he collapsed on top of me.
Some have everything, others have plenty of time and some still see it all.
It's genuinely pathetic.
Some are simply plump, others have a bonus goiter.
Some are just chubby, others have a bonus goiter.
Some are just obese, others have a bonus goiter.
My fork is too small.
According to Aristotle: "The ignorant affirms, the learned doubts, the wise reflects."
If he wants to come, let him come. What is preventing him?
If he wants to come, let him do so. What is preventing him?
He bugs me.
The apple never falls far from the tree.
People like others in different ways.
Finally, nobody came!
There is absolutely nothing left!
Life's good!
As I milk, the cat churns.
The cat churns while I milk.
Come what will!
No strand goes with the other.
There is no strand that goes with the other.
There are too many arrogant, mocking people. All I can do, for my part, is give them some slack.
The mortar and pestle always go together.
Everyone from here has been there in great numbers.
I'm taking a self-care break.
You're a very strong person.
The really important thing is not to live, but to live well.
The thing that really matters is not to live, but to live well.
I apologize if I forgot any others.
These kittens are so cute, I can't stand it!
Vertigo generally isn't a good thing.
Talk to you soon.
I tried to separate the two.
I'll rewrite it.
It's not surprising in the least.
I do, unfortunately.
Right; I understand.
This isn't too early, is it?
I don't do lunch.
Right; thank you.
But this isn't cited.
The argument is extraordinarily weak.
I don't think you did.
I don't really get it; there are survivors still alive today.
I'm still going to pursue the things I'm interested in.
I don't go to shul much at all.
What do you think is best for you?
I think I was panicking yesterday.
I might fall asleep.
I don't believe it for a minute!
Good words are better than money.
The comma is superfluous, I think.
The state is a racket.
I'm not interested right now, cat.
These are all important letters to read.
Cats are cool.
Ruth isolated herself.
Cruelty, like every other vice, requires no motive outside of itself; it only requires opportunity.
He's too judgmental.
Surrealism is a bullfrog's antlers.
I'm cuddling with a kitten.
"Wanna wake 'n bake?" "I have work."
These kittens are just too precious.
You can't make me watch that.
This is a pipe.
I've never been to Scotland.
I'm done with everything.
Oy vey.
Where does an 800-pound gorilla sit? Anywhere it wants.
These sausages are from Northumbria.
The bullets bounced off the side of the armoured car.
I placed my cup on the place mat in front of me.
I'm gonna get some dosh at the cash point.
This restaurant does not cater for vegans.
We're going to take a small ad out in the paper.
Some yob kicked a ball at my head.
A lady in my meeting talked so much I just could not get a word in edgeways.
I can't decide whether to invest in a corporate bond or a gilt.
In France they measure wine by the centilitre.
You sound like you're at the end of your tether. Rough day?
I much prefer haddock to cod.
Why do they turn the lights on in the cinema during the credits?
Hmm... that's also what I said to myself just now!
Hmm... I said that to myself here, too!
I'll get them some milk.
What is the use of being born!
Revolutions aren't inherently good.
Revolutions can be good or bad.
I'll get you some milk.
I'll get him some milk.
I'll get her some milk.
Try to distract yourself.
I admit that I don't have the truth.
I admit that I don't have all the answers.
Absolutely not!
I still have such a long way to go!
Nation-states are inherently oppressive.
The five states of matter are solid, liquid, gas, plasma, and cat.
The sun's up, but it's cloudy.
Rumor has it that Martin Scorsese is working on a gangster movie.
Kittens are adorable.
I'm not a fan of that guy.
Maybe I was mistaking what I wanted to be true for what was true.
That's a great way of putting it.
That's an extremist position.
So much of what she's saying needs to be said.
Life can be a lot.
Read another book.
Everybody loses.
A door ends up loosening, when it is left ajar for a long time.
Thanks for putting up with me.
If you're the smartest person in the room, you're in the wrong room.
Lying isn't criticism.
I wish it wasn't true.
The kitten screamed.
I'm a person of science.
I'm a man of science.
I'm a woman of science.
I'm a man of few words.
I'm a woman of few words.
I'm a person of few words.
I'm a man of my word.
I'm a woman of my word.
I'm a person of my word.
I'm a cat of science.
I'm a cat of my word.
The slow blue puma slides under the diligent cat.
It's so exhausting.
Judaism is a tribal religion.
I wonder why we were born? Maybe it's just to have offspring.
This child is distraught and may lose his mind.
You never let the drum relax.
You never surrendered.
The system is working exactly the way it was designed.
I don't read fan fiction.
He rounded the corners.
The rainbow is also called in Kabyle "the belt of Ţeriel".
States don't have rights.
If the Earth was flat, cats would've knocked everything off by now.
No, that can't be it.
It's just one thing after another.
This is good; I love this.
I still don't really know.
Maybe people googled the quote.
It's literally the trolley problem.
The diastems do not wear bad; they are called: the teeth of happiness.
Your conscience only exists in your head.
Love it or leave it.
You didn't let me speak Finnish.
Surrealists of the world, drip onto the ceiling!
You are a blessing.
My dog joined the army.
This isn't a dating site.
There's no such thing as a natural hierarchy.
Hierarchy is a social construct.
I'm intelligent. Some people would say I'm very, very, very intelligent.
We won't go on foot.
Your country is going through a difficult time.
My country is going through a difficult time.
Their country is going through a difficult time.
The Prime Minister isn't willing to tell the truth.
Are they from another planet?
The building is grayish yellow.
I didn't speak to everyone.
I haven't spoken to everyone.
I didn't talk to everyone.
His ex-wife wants to ruin his new relationship.
Her ex-wife wants to ruin her new relationship.
We're listening to Carnatic music.
Everything always goes smoothly.
All was well.
Everything was always so good.
You're nothing like your sister.
I'm glad I was here.
It's worse that way.
It's better this way.
It's not hard to find a bench you can sleep on in this city.
This store isn't exactly in a prime location.
Didn't you throw up?
We're eating beans.
I wasn't bleeding.
I didn't sing anything.
We weren't studying.
We didn't study.
You can't have this guy as your president. You can't have — maybe I'll sign an executive order, you cannot have him as your president.
Could I be wrong?
The Bolshevik counterrevolution reversed the fortunes of what had been a strong and rising proletarian movement.
Rand Paul is a self-certified ophthalmologist.
Grace is a way to fall to the top.
Yanni gets tired of hearing his name all the time.
Hunger never provides for anyone.
Snakes never kiss anyone.
We no longer have the strength to lift loads.
I was really broken at the time.
No one's perfect at it.
I met a longtime friend that way.
I knew he'd win.
She frequently would warn that there were people trying to deny that what had happened to her had happened.
It's only gotten worse.
Tankies are wannabe cops.
She spoke Czech.
I have social anxiety.
Will you shut up, man?
He wouldn't know a suburb unless he took a wrong turn.
Maybe you can inject some bleach into your arm.
Do not be too bad, or you will be hated, nor too good, or you will be eaten.
No one ever has the perfect words.
Bernie can still win.
One time I had a high fever and hallucinated a cop movie starring Jay Leno and Pat Morita.
Keep yappin', man.
Do you believe for a moment what he's telling you?
Stand back and stand by.
What's the temperature in Moscow?
What's the temperature in Beijing?
What's the temperature in Boston?
We are not going to let the cat churn what we milked after all!
I just added these two sentences.
It is better for each to cover the other, rather than for each to blame the other.
A word is like a bullet; output, it doesn't come back.
A word is like a bullet.
Phew, you at least, you listen to me!
What's the temperature here?
What time does the sun set?
All that is good is iron, the rest is only ferule.
I speak a few words of Cat.
Have you tried turning it off and turning it on again?
They played fantastically.
The vampire was born in the antediluvian world.
"I don't think you need to wear makeup." "What if I want to?"
I wish I had your hair.
A woman's place is in the revolution.
Wikipedia is a reference work powered by an endless argument.
The vacuum cleaner is giving off an odor of ozone.
The Lord is versatile: He giveth and taketh.
Ozone is good up high, bad nearby.
I don't smoke weed any more, but I don't smoke it any less, either.
An elephant never forgets.
My cat ate an olive.
Colonizers aren't immigrants.
The cat's already been fed.
The cats have already been fed.
I cleaned the litter box.
Make sure you clean the litter box twice a day.
Western civilization isn't real.
Kittens love to snuggle.
I hate attention.
Malka thinks reptiles are cute.
Malka cleared her throat.
Malka's a good singer.
Don't let the cat trick you; he's been fed.
Don't let the cat trick you; she's been fed.
Not all roses are red.
Dogs are noble creatures.
They're just cats being cats.
I only had dogs growing up.
Celebrities are just people.
Celebrities are just people, except obscenely wealthy.
The "At-Frawsen" people have no faults at all. With us, there are no half measures: when someone is pierced, he/she spills out like oil!
The feral cat population is bad for other wildlife, especially in areas where wildcats are not indigenous.
I rescued a kitten from a shelter.
I rescued a kitten.
I'm a fish.
I think there are definitely many realities, and that they fade into my awareness at times.
It's not like that we put the tripod on the "Kanoun" hearth, stunned guy!
Once you have done what I said, you will understand better.
We have to help each other.
Hamlet is a terrible person.
He could no longer see the sun.
He softened it (speaking of a food).
Checkmate, atheists.
I was removing fleas from a dog when it rushed at me... So I woke up.
Can I take your order?
I put too much flour in the cookie dough.
I think I used a little too much onion powder.
I think I put too much vodka in the sauce.
I think I used too much garlic.
The pasta didn't turn out right.
She cannot ignore him: he is the first to stand out among her children.
She cannot ignore him: he is the first to have distinguished himself among her children.
Your order has shipped.
You're the real thief.
You're a real wizard.
All states are illegitimate.
Red is kind of sus.
Lone lions, alas, always end up being hunted and haggard.
They're non-GMO.
They're vegan.
They're gluten-free.
The cookies are vegan.
The cookies are gluten-free.
The cookies are kosher.
The cookies are parve.
I love this world.
I don't love this world.
I don't hate this world.
He raised me with a lot of old-fashioned medical beliefs.
Maybe I misunderstood what he said.
I'm just telling that.
I'm just calling it like I see it.
"I'm not a politician," said the politician.
"Where nobody knows you, you are only worth the costume you wear," said cantor Matoub Lounes.
The day I reach out to you, don't prepare your elbow.
I love the flavor of Italian dolce vita!
Wear a mask.
Excuse me if my sentence is crooked.
Well, in Kabyle, I am not strong. It's more in French that I prefer to indulge in puns, a little in English too.
Intelligence is a gift; rare are the beneficiaries.
The wind tore the ridge tile from me.
I'm interested in the languages of the people at the crossroads of civilization.
My computer is borked.
Is she pregnant?
I probably butchered that.
I love the mask.
It's absolutely not sustainable.
They apparently have the same accent as the Tuaregs, with the same emphatic intonations (warm voices). Igwanciyen, the Guanches, the only Berbers not to have been Islamized. To meditate...
The kitten is sleeping between my legs.
The Guanches, Igwanciyen, have apparently the same accent as the Tuaregs, with the same emphatic intonations of their warm voices.
That was an accident.
I had no idea anyone said it any other way.
I think it might be, among other things, a Great Lakes thing.
I think it might be a Great Lakes thing.
I'm such a dork.
It's no longer possible to ignore them.
Nothing beats snuggling with a cat.
I know them well; you can trust them.
You'll be stronger together.
The legends are wrong.
They will tear you to pieces!
They continued to meet on a regular basis.
They met on a regular basis.
They met regularly.
They continued to meet regularly.
They stopped meeting regularly.
You're alive!
I believed everything around me was a sign of some divine mission.
My cat is loafing at the end of the bed.
Everything bad is equally bad.
Only one thing can be bad at a time.
Of course he's still the same fascist he's always been.
What happens?
This was a poem.
"What is that weakling that you put on the picture" replied Ssinistri?
It's not our fault they did that.
Azure blue, green, yellow, let's add the red aza, here is the Amazigh flag!
"I want to embody evil so that no one carries me on his back", goes a Kabyle saying.
Tie me up.
They sell the absolute best raspberry preserves.
The cats are upset.
It's a pain.
No one ever leaves that castle.
Any guy that can do a body slam, he is my type!
I love Texas!
“This year will be amazing. Far better than the coming year, ”said Lounis Ait-Mengellat LAM.
Open the frame in a new tab.
I set a collared trap.
I set a snare trap.
That cider is incredible.
I've never tasted anything like it.
It's snowing; welcome to November!
There was only one candidate running for the office unopposed, so I wrote in our cat.
The wind was brutal.
Send her my love.
Send him my love.
Send them my love.
Take your meds.
Don't have a fit!
I'm not a fan of that band anymore.
I'd love to have a ferret.
You don't know if you want it.
The other said to him: "You're fake news", in so-called English. And he became president.
I really love coffee.
I love kittens.
Don't feed this cat.
Today's a self-care day.
Are centipedes poisonous to cats?
My cat doesn't like it when I speak Klingon.
Language isn't perfectly logical.
That's not for kitties!
That's not a kitty toy!
Doesn't the adage say: "Since the villagers love their donkey, we must hurry to bring him food!"
I don't drink much pop.
Reality is often counterintuitive.
If the man and the woman bear their fair share of work, they have a right to their fair share of all that is produced by all, and that share is enough to secure them well-being.
The kitten mewed.
They weren't great people.
All that is good is iron. Everything else is fennel.
You asked me.
The dogs barked.
Let's be happy!
What happiness!
Drink me.
He ate poison elsewhere.
He was poisoned elsewhere.
Clean the litter box twice a day.
We need more kitty litter.
You can't use too much garlic.
There's no such thing as too much garlic.
Too little salt is better than too much.
No salt is better than too much.
There's way too much pepper in this.
I wish we didn't live in a society.
Humans are just very weird sponges.
I think you took too much of that cough medicine.
The pears aren't quite ripe yet.
The new episode was great.
History is a story that attempts to be true.
History is based on a true story.
I can't eat that salad dressing.
I heard a very creepy synthetic voice.
The Dutch word "gabber" comes from Hebrew via Yiddish.
Your brother is waiting for you, Charles.
Good kitty!
The beans were delicious.
Reasoning and science lay bare legends.
Just because a comment is negative doesn't mean it's true.
The eggplant was great.
Seeing the worst in everything doesn't make you smart.
Seeing only the worst in yourself doesn't make you right.
I was there last year.
I was here last year.
They could be relatives.
I think it's my favorite.
I left them a long message in Esperanto.
They were asking to speak to someone named Carol.
I told them they had the wrong number.
Severe trauma makes things difficult.
It's a way of clawing back power from cyberpunk-esque supercorporations.
Give what you can and take what you need.
You don't owe someone like that anything.
Mazal tov!
That seems excessive.
Cats are weird.
Humans are weird.
Well, in Kabyle, I am not so strong. It's much more in French that I prefer to indulge in puns, a little in English too.
It's way too windy.
That cat acts like he's starving.
They'd like to keep that to themself.
It's beyond bourgeois.
My cat doesn't pay me.
The press conference turned out to be a non-event.
It was fab.
We happen to see a mongoose crossing the road. Its tail is bushy and its coat is grayish.
What's my IP?
What's my IP address?
This way, I agree with you!
I was in another universe at the time.
On that, I agree with you!
My hands are literally tied right now.
The match was a non-event.
The empire subjugated the neighboring peoples.
The people were subjugated by a vast empire.
I love Neo-Aramaic languages.
I woke up with cat whiskers in my face.
Make sure you turn the light back off after using the stairs.
Make sure you turn off the portal after you leave or enter the pocket universe.
Nibble and gnaw like a mouse!
I'm becoming a crazy cat lady.
Try not to give the game away.
My reading group voted to disband.
In Esperanto, the word "ĉu" serves mainly as a question tag.
We can't afford to lose ground right now.
You're going to need to learn to fend for yourself.
That corset doesn't fit me anymore.
Can you help me with this corset?
There is no universal time, only GMT.
The con artist victimizes elderly pensioners.
You better cough up the money, or else.
The would-be dictator tried to discredit the judiciary.
An anarchist sent me an old netbook.
"Man is a bridge, not an end," said Friedrich Nietzsche.
Was Mozart born in Australia?
The moon doesn't exist.
You believe in the moon?
You're a cat.
You're a cat. You're not supposed to drink coffee.
Kittens don't wear mittens.
Science is real.
You can't live on Jupiter.
Try listening to a book to distract yourself.
There are more of these, aren't there?
Please do your research.
Thank you so much for understanding.
Unfortunately, I can't help at the moment.
The book is in the public domain.
I don't think your posts are spammy.
I wouldn't care either way.
All of that sounds great to me!
I think a lot of people would get a lot of use out of that.
The flight to Georgia took longer than expected, and when I got there, everyone was speaking a different language.
LOL: Laughing out loud!
I don't even know where Boston is.
I don't even know where that is, Boston.
I don't live in Boston either.
I don't even live in Boston.
I've never even met anyone from Boston.
I've never met anyone from Boston.
Alexa is a cop.
He's right-wing in the extreme.
Boston is in South Australia, I think.
Happy Buy Nothing Day!
I haven't seen a traveller's cheque in years.
It's time to neuter the cat.
It's a moot point.
It's not freeware.
Finally, some new blood.
We need new blood to rejuvenate our country.
I'd like one of everything, please.
I'd like one of each, please.
I'm not saying these are the most severe examples.
What am I going to do with three squashes?
That looks delicious.
Bananas are ridiculously cheap.
I wonder if they have them.
There's no need to apologize at all.
We haven't seen our other partner all year.
You can't live on Venus.
The border is closed indefinitely.
What if Venus used to be like Earth?
Can you feed the cats while we're away?
Can you feed the cats and clean the litter boxes while we're away?
Sometimes I do, sometimes I don't.
Did he drop any good loot?
Cats can have a little salami.
Add an olive.
That guinea pig is so cute.
What's that robotic voice?
I don't think I agree.
It's nothing but a PR trick.
Apparently he's been doing that all year.
Can you delete my account?
Nevermind, I'd like to cancel this request.
I'm really sorry to hear.
I think that's the best thing to do.
Let me know if you need to vent or talk.
Hey, are you alright?
It doesn't say on your website.
Any update on this?
I'm obviously not in the best mental shape for this sort of thing.
Here's what I found on their website.
I would like to participate.
I've got a terrible cough.
Is the Illuminati an Illuminati front?
Dissent has become a commodity.
We ended up on Mars.
I might have COVID again.
I might have COVID.
Mr. Jackson is paying me under the table.
Both admit to hitting each other.
Maybe I'm a perfectionist, but we could certainly do better.
There's no comparison.
Let's just agree that kittens and puppies are both adorable.
There are too many warriors.
It's an advanced case, I'm afraid.
The community is insular but harmless.
Now remember, our variable is still undefined.
You're such a silly kitty!
Most of my sentences are unrelated to anything here.
In America it's taken as axiomatic that only children can learn languages.
Remember to clean up your workstation.
It was an overt provocation.
Where am I right now?
The kittens chased each other around the apartment.
Facebook is so 2005.
When is Mother's Day?
The squash was delicious.
Have you seen the plunger?
In fourth grade we dissected crayfish.
A simile is like a bridge.
What's the difference between millenarianism and millennialism?
In English, consonantal Y is a palatal approximant.
Esperanto has an excellent derivation system.
Some people find derivation to be more logical and regular in Ido than in Esperanto.
Cats are non-Newtonian fluids.
You don't have the key to this door.
You don't have enough magic points.
Kabylia will soon be an independent country.
Kabylia is a democratic and secular country.
The President of the Kabyle Provisional Government is Mr Ferhat Mehenni.
In Kabylia, man and woman are equal.
The Kabyle State is preparing its educational system inspired by the great countries of the world.
Kabyle red "Aza" is the equivalent of the red cross.
The Kabyle people want their independence.
The great powers of the world prefer to help the dictatorships than the oppressed people as is the case of the Kabyle people.
The Kabyle people only aspire to their freedom.
My cat says hi.
Do you really think someone would do that?
The Kabyle people don't like to complain too much but like to tell the truth, it is their motto.
Dictatorship breeds dictatorship.
I still talk to him fairly regularly.
What's in the news today?
What's in the news?
What's the temperature in Celsius?
Historical materialism is a pseudoscience.
The Finnish and Faroese flags look too much alike.
I removed the tag "simple past," which seemed inappropriate.
It's come to be viewed as an alternate spelling.
It wasn't a serious request.
It isn't a serious request.
Contrary to popular legend, the four letters on the dreidel stand for the Yiddish words "gants" (all), "halb" (half), "shtel ayn" (put in), and "nisht" (not).
Both socialism and communism predate Karl Marx.
I don't believe in hypnosis.
Our objective is twofold.
What's Area 51?
Why do cats knead?
This mousepad is a vestige of a bygone era.
It was politicized.
What time is it in London?
I support copyright infringement.
Infringe copyrights.
What is a verb?
Can dogs eat bananas?
Can cats eat bananas?
To embed this video, copy and paste the following HTML code onto your webpage.
I most certainly was not born in Boston.
Where is Beirut?
Where is Lebanon?
Where is Algeria?
Where is Kabylia?
I've always loved elephants.
Oh wow, it's already Friday.
In fifth grade we dissected frogs.
I was never any good at dissecting, and I didn't like it, either.
Algeria is only a neighbouring country to Kabylia.
Algeria has been a country bordering Kabylia for a long time.
An Algerian is not a Kabyle and the opposite is true. Hence the hatred of the Algerians towards the Kabyles, and this will never change as long as the Kabyle is Kabyle.
When the Algerian wants to build mosques all over the world, the Kabyle seeks to integrate.
When an Algerian wants to find work in France he pretends to be a Kabyle while hating him with all his guts.
Are there great peoples and small peoples?
Natanyahu is a great President.
Do you feel bad if you haven't gotten any work done by the end of the day?
We have nothing more to teach you.
"We have nothing more to teach you," said the mushrooms.
Spanish and Italian are very similar.
People lie on the Internet.
We're not just like you.
Difference is good.
What's a pandemic?
I can't describe it.
Your puppy is so cute!
I dislike attention.
I'm nauseous.
I'm the president of the United States. Don't ever talk to the president that way.
Yiddish clearly has features characteristic of Austro-Bavarian.
I love chickpeas.
The Kabyle diaspora is doing everything to help Kabylia.
All Kabyle scientists support the project for the independence of Kabylia.
Kabylia is represented all over the world.
Kabylia will only be at peace once it is independent.
Kabylia covers several provinces: Tizi Ouzou and Bejaia, part of Bouira and parts of the city of Boumerdes, Jijel, Setif and Bordj Bou Arreridj. Gouraya National Park and Djurdjura National Park are also located in Kabylia.
Kabylia has played in the 2018 CONIFA World Football Cup qualification.
Where's my stimulus money?
The glottis separates the upper and lower respiratory tracts.
It may be true, but it's hardly axiomatic.
It's too cold to support human life.
Our mission is to redefine what it means to write mission statements.
You can't just redefine words and expect people to know what you mean.
I can't keep up with all this.
I can't keep up with everything that's happening.
This is blasphemy!
In Kabyle, truth is a singular word. Truth is unique; it has no plural.
It's probably just the weather.
People are always going to talk.
We feel isolated.
"I'm hungry." "Hi, Hungry! I'm Dad!"
Corporations don't have rights.
It's talking to me.
Because of this, I left.
You said you weren't scared.
You said you weren't afraid.
You said you were scared.
You said you were afraid.
I'm not required to do that.
I don't want to become a lawyer.
I went to bed right after dinner.
You don't have a key to this door, do you?
If you criticize Islam you will be beheaded or punished at the best!
Happy Solstice!
The word "halal" hides a mountain of ideologies.
Do you really think that Islam is a religion of peace? But what is a religion, really?
If that happened, it wouldn't surprise me.
What does his husband look like?
What does her wife look like?
It was the best concert I'd ever seen.
If that were true, it would change everything.
The risks of such a project would clearly outweigh any putative benefit.
Join the Grammar Antifa!
Old English poetry was based on alliteration rather than end rhyme.
I love the cadence of your poem.
That's a common reaction.
Is it not appalling?
Does this look like malice?
Does this look like an accident?
Does this look like confidence?
Don't be that guy.
The pallid moon is waning.
Absolute tolerance is ruinous to a tolerant society.
We're all out of tinfoil.
Would you like more soup?
Would anybody like more soup?
Are you through?
Nothing works by magic.
Nothing happens by magic.
Things don't happen by magic.
You've got a good heart.
You're the best dog in the world!
Algeria is a Third World country that is sinking deeper and deeper, and is on the brink of civil war.
It's not theoretically possible.
In theory, it's possible.
You won't find that here.
It all gives me a headache.
Do you really think that Algeria is a country?
All Algerian presidents are puppets of ignorant and corrupt generals. But both are inbred.
It's not the 19th century.
Do you believe in vampires?
There's enough for everyone, but most of it goes to waste.
Aye aye, sir.
My mom says hi.
A language is a dialect with an ISO 639-3 code.
Everything is political.
These observations are collected together in Addendum C.
We're dying of ennui.
I'm fascinated by the evolutionary history of the louse.
Is she OK?
Don't touch me there.
If you're not paying for the product, you are the product.
I don't understand what you meant by that.
It could've gone differently.
Don't go away. You're welcome here.
Intellectual property is intellectual theft.
It's a two-person job.
It's a one-person job.
You won't be of any help; it's a two-person job.
Austrian beaches are the best.
Is Austria really the sixth largest country in the world?
I want to learn Austrian English.
What do you think are the problems that underlie your obsession with martyrdom?
Augustus kept only the veneer of the Republic while effectively making himself into a king.
The difference is minuscule at best.
We need fewer pliant journalists, not more.
His gritty, cynical writing is very popular with men between the ages of 18 and 35.
I'm a centrist; I like both dogs and cats.
One way or another, capitalism will end.
It's OK to be wrong.
What do you need from your parents?
We value privacy.
If a for-profit company doesn't charge you for its product, you are the product that is being sold.
What are viruses?
I know what they are, but why do viruses exist?
Why do viruses exist?
Why does anything exist?
Are you having an existential crisis or just imitating one?
I don't believe in copyright.
Is it true that in Austria, Burger King is called Hungry Jack's?
Do you know of a good place for electrolysis?
We've been granted only a temporary reprieve.
The problem is perceptual.
It's inescapable, unfortunately.
The so-called "Berber Language" is the sister of Esperanto because the two mix several existing languages. But Esperanto is not imposed on speakers unlike the so-called "Berber Language".
Leonard Nimoy was a native Yiddish speaker.
Copyright is theft.
Hannah and Malka met at an Esperanto congress.
"Whenever you feel like criticizing any one," he told me, "just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had."
He didn't say any more, but we've always been unusually communicative in a reserved way, and I understood that he meant a great deal more than that.
Why are kittens soft?
Well, he certainly must have strained himself to get this menagerie together.
Are strawberries good for dogs?
If the economy is doing well and the people aren't, the economy is irrelevant.
I'm not fluent in Cat.
Why do cats sleep so much?
Elizabeth got maced.
We're storming the Capitol; it's a revolution!
Don't you like going to the movies?
Am I not invited?
Isn't anyone interested?
Is sugar good for you?
Isn't it important to listen?
Reclaim your surplus value: steal from work!
Everything that makes me feel comfortable and safe, I found by taking risks.
Critics were right to point out that the politician led a nascent fascist movement.
The plane never left the hangar.
The cat suddenly woke up from her sleep and meowed loudly.
Cats are people.
What's the difference between nomenclature and taxonomy?
He's got a huge gash on his shin.
I want to learn Kabyle.
I want to learn Kabyle faster.
No one's actually like that.
I did the thing.
Kabylia is a welcoming country.
Do you know Kabylia?
Have you ever been to Kabylia?
Kabylia and Algeria are two opposing countries.
Algeria colonized Kabylia in 1962.
Algeria is not only a country that doesn't respect human rights but doesn't care at all.
Unfortunately the majority of Algerians want an Islamic republic but all immigrate to Western countries, even risking their lives.
Kabylia will only be at peace by regaining its independence, like the United States, which freed itself from the United Kingdom.
My country is always right.
My country's enemies are always in the wrong, and my country is always in the right.
It just works out that way.
It's not my fault I was born in the world's most righteous country.
The leader's denunciation of his violent supporters came late, and he soon contradicted it.
The epilogue was probably unnecessary.
He's the putative leader of the bunch.
She's the putative leader of the bunch.
Montreal is under a 4-week curfew.
Is this supposed to be a surrealist sentence?
"Is it still 1987?" "No. You've been frozen for decades."
He fell asleep at the wheel.
She fell asleep at the wheel.
I fell into a deep depression.
The cat ate my meal.
All dogs are good dogs.
Stop being so cute!
I have better things to do than listen to this blather.
Are the Dravidian languages related to any other languages?
Can you learn Konkani online?
I'm not a Bolshevik, but I know quite a few.
Nitrous oxide is inert at room temperature.
That cat really likes you.
Our cat really likes you.
That fascist cop asked me to drop my bag and let him search it.
Neoconservatism has discredited itself.
I'm a lioness.
Yiddish is not Hebrew.
Keep your grubby paws off my stuff!
I found the broom, but where's the dustpan?
This shirt is 100% polyester.
Cats have their eccentricities.
Communism is when everyone has to wear a mask.
Anarchism is when you break stuff.
Mutual respect must underpin any healthy society.
You're worth it.
Is this your first time tripping?
It doesn't always work for me.
I didn't really dream.
You have a frog in your throat.
We live in different universes.
What kind of garbage is that?
Tigers aren't pets.
Dragons aren't pets.
I knew it was a problem, but no one had ever quantified it for me like that.
Does SGML stand for "standard generalized markup language"?
The other day, it was raining heavily, all the time.
Last days, it was raining heavily, all the time.
I feel this way around the same time every year.
Every time I get through this I get stronger.
I don't mean to be rude.
"Your life has become a disaster." "No it hasn't! It always was one."
"Your life has become a disaster." "It has not! It always was one."
"What's the difference between a wizard and a sorcerer?" "It depends on which fictional world you're in."
I have a stronger support network now.
I'm not isolated anymore.
That's all still there.
I was having similar feelings.
I've never had a bullet journal.
Chances are I'll be awake.
"What's that supposed to mean?" he asked in a bellicose tone.
When does a kitten become a cat?
When does a puppy become a dog?
Are there earthquakes on Mars?
I don't like him at all, but he's good at what he does.
You smell like smoke.
I'm tired of this humdrum existence.
His response was flippant.
You need to distract yourself.
You'll have three minutes to rebut the argument of the opposing side.
I'm a lioness and my partner is a ferret.
Bad talk can only come from garbage.
My heart is pure and free from resentment.
Coffee is life.
Some people refer to proprioception as "the sixth sense".
Michael Pack served for just over seven tumultuous months as the first chief executive of the agency under new legislation giving him expanded powers over the networks.
More than 30 journalists from VOA's language divisions lost their jobs and the right to remain in the U.S. over the last seven months because their specialized entry permits were not renewed under Pack.
Pack also accused his predecessors of "rubber stamping" J-1 visas and said the agency was using the process as a "pathway to citizenship."
Nobody knows I'm polyamorous.
Words mean things.
I hate this time of year.
If he had intended to do it, he would have done it a long time ago.
Totalitarianism is when people are mean to me.
I regret not telling the truth.
Remember, there'll always be another chance!
The fans and detractors are both right.
He tries too hard to understand.
He tries to understand too much.
The universe is an allergy.
The report says another airstrip could be ready by the end of this year.
It's shaped like an octagon.
Can you eat the skin of a kiwi?
We're all out of grog, Captain.
The dog is playing with the cat.
The cat is playing with the dog.
The cat and the dog are playing with each other.
An expression says: as for that story, the partridge landed on it.
I don't mean to be rude, but what's your name again?
Why are pigs so smart?
I don't mean to be rude, but where are you from?
Is Geraldine Ferraro still alive?
Freedom is always the freedom of dissenters.
There is more than one valid answer, but not every answer is valid.
Men only want one thing.
I've been called worse things by better people.
That's got nothing to do with me.
Keeping in touch is a two-way street.
Our cat is such a drama queen.
He doesn't live around here anymore.
Why do cats knock things off of surfaces?
Is salsa a type of fruit salad?
Why does my knee hurt?
Consider the source.
Time sometimes feels like a single point.
Social justice is good, actually.
Open borders are good, actually.
Everything's a drama with you.
I loved Season 2.
This is Johnny Cash, right?
Any religion or philosophy can be taken to excess.
New York's Empire State Building is now running entirely on wind power.
It's OK; I got this.
It's OK; I've got this.
I may never find the evidence I'm looking for.
Is there another way I could meet that need?
I met my girlfriend that way.
Companies don't hire more people than they need.
I'm roasting some cauliflower and broccoli.
His words were ominous.
I owe allegiance to no country.
I think I'm gonna nope out of this one.
That's valid.
I don't think Albert Einstein actually said that.
I don't think that's what he meant.
I don't think that's what she meant.
A fractious child is a troublesome thing to deal with, but a fractious man is far worse.
He's a recalcitrant boy.
Did I mention I'm crazy?
Did I mention that I'm crazy?
Change can be good or bad.
The Yiddish influence on Esperanto is felt especially in the proverbs.
Not all problems are straightforward.
I like speaking French to my cat.
I love speaking French to my cat.
I love talking to my cat in French.
I like talking to my cat in French.
I love speaking French to my dog.
I like speaking French to my dog.
I like speaking French to my guinea pig.
I love speaking French to my guinea pig.
My cat likes stepping on my foot.
Some cats are weirder than others.
My guinea pig doesn't like people.
I just got hit with a wave of nausea.
My cat doesn't like the sound of French.
My cat doesn't like it when I speak French.
Kittens are cute.
Guinea pigs are cute.
Humans are cute.
Things like that aren't always obvious.
That's a no.
I can relate.
So you're thinking of converting?
I wonder if there's more to it than that.
I'm sure you must've seen it.
It's older than YouTube.
I can't stop laughing at this video.
Don't forget to take your meds.
I'm not a stegosaurus.
Get OK with yourself and the right person will come along.
Some cliches are cliches for a good reason.
I love a good throwback.
You have good insight.
They insist on equity in return for their investments.
She was the runt of the litter.
He was the runt of the litter.
He was the runt.
She was the runt.
Isn't it important?
Wouldn't that be important?
Would that be important?
I don't mind saying I have a plebeian taste in food.
You've been given a lot of leeway so far.
What's a repast?
"Are you a Hebrew teacher?" "Well, I'm a Hebrew and a teacher."
What is tellurium used for?
Hamsters are adorable.
Aramaic features an Akkadian substrate.
Some sheep have multiple litters.
He was a puny man.
It's not the most cogent argument.
Capitalism is a pyramid scheme.
Capitalism is a cargo cult.
Educated, him? Don't tell that!
You really think he's the leader!
Steam and smoke come out the chimney.
Sleep surprised me.
In a little while, we'll know what you're worth, you, our boss!
I am like glowing iron, between the hammer and the anvil.
Taos Amrouche, an Algerian tear.
I know you are educated.
The pancake is divided into parts.
An old saying goes: “The fly cried, cried. Then, when it tried to wipe its eyes, its head tore off."
Aliens have telepathically revealed to me the esoteric meaning of each word of this cereal box.
The Druze follow an esoteric religion.
Kabbalah is an esoteric tradition within Judaism.
Cool tattoo!
I got this tattoo to cover up a scar from a traumatic experience.
The cat is snoring in my lap.
The agreement does not subsume any previous agreement.
Your position isn't tenable.
One of the kittens caught a moth.
It's such a long flight.
It's such a long flight!
They run one behind the other.
He gave him a delay to repay him what he loaned him.
He gave him a delay to repay him his debt.
Yes, may they all rest in peace, yours like all the other missing.
Let them!
In addition, I am in the lot, me too! Let it go!
I feel empty.
You can come, too.
You dork!
I'm going back in time. See you last year!
I moved here from Boston when I was little.
Do dogs dream?
Poppies grow in abundance in Kabylia.
In Kabylia the boar is hunted for its flesh.
It's not enough to speak Kabyle to be Kabyle.
The Kabyle language is a living language.
Most Kabyle people are secular.
It's Kabylity that gives courage and consistency to the Berbers.
We are only Kabyles.
That's just silly.
That's just silly, don't you think?
Oh, nice.
Spiders are cute.
I think spiders are cute.
I'm not a unicorn.
That package from Australia sure is taking its time.
My ex-sister-in-law lives in Australia.
Me at least, I can face them!
You at least, you can face them!
Him at least, he can confront them!
She at least, she can face them!
We at least, we can face them!
Them at least, they can confront him!
I don't think there is a problem.
Retirement is the moment when the worker ceases his activity to rest.
It's not feeding time.
Humans are the laziest animals.
Please keep two chevrons between you and the car in front.
I got hit with a football in the gonads.
William Pitt the Elder was perhaps the most influential member of the Whig party.
I'm trying to muster the courage to square up to him.
“The snow snubbs us, often on the sly,” says an ancient Kabyle expression.
That's why they blame us!
That's why they're ranting!
Me too, he drove me crazy.
The old women liked to quote Pope Gelasius I.
The old women readily quoted Pope Gelasius I.
I was overwhelmed by a cold.
As soon as he has the opportunities, he slipped to come.
The reality is the opposite of the far-right line on the matter.
"What time are you from, tortoise? "We were created like that!"
To find out if he will be bad weather, our elders observed nature and animals. So, I had the opportunity to check by myself that when the roosters are on a single paw, either it will be cold, or it will rain.
Rush Limbaugh was a monster.
Trauma is a thief.
PTSD is a thief.
One of my partners lives in Australia.
One of my partners lives in Boston.
I was really amazed!
This post is worth a bump!
Music videos are silly.
I've got an electrolysis appointment at 1:30.
People with dark hair would benefit more from laser hair removal than electrolysis.
There wasn't a single abstention.
Cats can be so sweet.
Gagarin was a cosmonaut.
Religious people aren't special.
That'd be a weird way to say it.
That would be a weird way to say it.
Is that a cat or my pants?
What's the soup du jour?
I'm hungry all the time.
I'm never hungry.
I've never told a lie.
Everything I say is a lie.
Ido has too many suffixes.
We inject it intramuscularly.
It's harsh but true.
The pillow vowed to never bring compatible people together.
The pillow never brought similar people together.
All Algerian opponents are actually supporters of the Algerian government because they participate in all its votes in order to claim some seats and some privileges.
In reality the Algerians want a change but in continuity, which means, to change the heads of the government by other new heads, but the content will be the same: the Islamic principles that breed dictatorship and everything else!
The only real opposition in Algeria is the sovereignty of Kabylia.
Nothing you can be is more terrible than what I am.
I wish Wagner hadn't been such an antisemite.
Never believe an Islamist even if he tells you the truth because he will always find a way to lie to you!
This little story calls into life all the questions of language and the philosophy of style.
Human philosophy, theoretical physics, poetry, Italian Masters, romance.
In 1894 he delivered the Gifford Lectures at Edinburgh, the subject being "The Philosophy and Development of Religion."
"I don't have time for philosophy," he said, growing irritated with her word play.
He went to the university of Leipzig as a student of philosophy and natural sciences, but entered officially as a student of medicine.
Leibnitz's philosophy has no answer for us.
But " philosophy of religion " can be construed in many different ways.
This is the formal definition of philosophy.
In his philosophy he was mainly concerned to defend Plato against the followers of Aristotle.
I'd like to stay in a double room.
Do all the rooms have air-conditioning?
When do you serve breakfast?
My ears are sore!
My head hurts! What is wrong with me?
I have a cold for two weeks.
I’ve got a lump.
I think I’ve pulled a muscle in my leg.
I’m asthmatic.
I’ve got a temperature sore throat.
My throat is dry! I can’t stop coughing!
I’ve been feeling depressed.
My legs feel weak!
I’ve got a sprained ankle.
I’ve been having headaches.
I cut my finger! The bleeding won’t stop.
My arm is sore!
I”ve got very little energy.
I feel a sharp pain when I bend my knee.
My neck is stiff and sore. I think I’ve pulled a muscle.
Hi! I started writing here on July 2018, three years ago, soon. Marvellous! My first sentence was: “Has anyone ever faced an ogre?”. (#7028101) Indeed, I faced an ogre!
I'm not actually from here.
Stop being a cat!
Well done, you are starting to master Kabyle!
I am Finnish and my husband is Kabyle.
I am Kabyle and my wife is Kurdish.
It seems to be a matter of academic dispute.
I don't think it's a typo.
I don't think that's a typo.
What are bruises?
When can I fly after surgery?
When do I need a fit note?
Can I pick up a prescription for someone else?
Can I give my child paracetamol and ibuprofen at the same time?
Can I give my child paracetamol or ibuprofen with cough or cold medicines?
Which foods cause tooth decay?
What is included in each NHS dental band charge?
What is the glycaemic index (GI)?
Do I need vitamin supplements?
Can reheating rice cause food poisoning?
Can clothes and towels spread germs?
Is pneumonia contagious?
What is the risk of infection from someone else's blood?
What is blood pressure?
What are the health risks of smoking?
What are the health benefits of losing weight?
Why is my waist size important?
Are sunbeds safe?
Can I go swimming after a piercing?
Do I have an anxiety disorder?
Can damp and mould affect my health?
Can I take paracetamol and ibuprofen together?
Can I take paracetamol or ibuprofen with cough or cold medicines?
What are side effects?
Why must some medicines be taken with or after food?
Why do medicines have expiry dates?
Can I take my medicine abroad?
Where can I get an emergency supply of medicine?
Why can't hydrocortisone cream be used on the face?
Can I take anti-malaria medication if I'm trying for a baby?
Why can't I get a prescription for an over-the-counter medicine?
What is gynaecomastia?
Can I access someone else's medical records (health records)?
Can I get laser eye surgery on the NHS?
Does colonic irrigation have any health benefits and is it available on the NHS?
What is PALS (Patient Advice and Liaison Service)?
He took a nap.
Can thrush harm my baby during pregnancy?
Are sunbeds safe to use during pregnancy?
Is it safe to use a sauna or jacuzzi if I'm pregnant?
Is it safe to use fake tan during pregnancy?
What if I'm pregnant and I haven't had chickenpox?
What are the risks of toxoplasmosis during pregnancy?
What are the risks of MRSA during pregnancy?
What are the risks of group B streptococcus (GBS) infection during pregnancy?
Is my unborn baby at risk of early-onset group B streptococcus (GBS) infection?
Are complementary therapies safe during pregnancy?
What complications can affect the placenta?
Is masturbation normal?
Can a man catch thrush from a female partner?
"And your occupation?" "Cat." "Sorry, what was that?"
Can I travel on a plane if I have a plaster cast?
Is it safe to fly with a perforated eardrum?
What are your greatest strengths and weaknesses?
Does your academic record reflect any major challenges? If so, what are they and why did they occur?
What do you believe to be some of the most pressing health issues today? Why?
What do you feel are the negative or restrictive aspects of medicine from a professional standpoint?
What do you consider an important/the most important social problem facing the United States today and why?
What books, films, or other media come to mind as having been particularly important to your sciences/non-sciences education?
Can you think of any examples in our society when healthcare is a right? When is it a privilege? When is it not clear?
Discuss your decision to pursue medicine. When did you decide to become an MD, and why?
Why do you want to attend this university?
What do you want to study in college?
What are your strengths?
What are your weaknesses?
Why are you interested in working for IBM?
Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
Why do you want to leave your current company?
Why was there a gap in your employment between 2012 and 2021?
What can you offer us that someone else can not?
What are three things your former manager would like you to improve on?
Are you willing to relocate?
Are you willing to travel?
What would you look to accomplish in the first 30 days on the job?
Discuss your resume.
Discuss your educational background.
Describe yourself.
Why are you looking for a new job?
What are your salary requirements?
What is the name of our CEO?
What are your career goals?
What gets you up in the morning?
What were your bosses’ strengths and weaknesses?
If I called your boss right now and asked him what is an area that you could improve on, what would he say?
What is your favorite website?
What makes you uncomfortable?
What are some of your leadership experiences?
What questions haven’t I asked you?
What questions do you have for me?
What is your ideal working environment?
What commonly accepted view do you disagree with and why?
What differentiates you from our other candidates?
Are you more of a leader or a follower?
Do you have a personal mission statement?
What character traits would your friends use to describe you?
What is your favorite movie of all time and why?
Describe your perfect company.
Do you prefer to work alone or on a team?
What is your proudest achievement?
When were you most satisfied in a previous job?
What’s the last book you read?
What is the best job you ever had?
If you won a $10 million lottery, would you still work?
What was the last project you led and what was the outcome?
What three things are most important to you in your job?
Describe your work style.
What is your management style?
What is your ideal company size?
What is a book that everyone needs to read and why?
Do you prefer working alone or in a team environment?
Do you find it difficult to adapt to new situations?
Do you have a mentor?
Can you explain why you’ve had so many jobs?
Which is more important, creativity or efficiency?
Is it better to be good and on time or perfect and late with your work?
If you could live anywhere, where would it be?
What is your favorite family vacation?
What motivates you to work hard?
What is your proudest accomplishment?
What is your child's proudest accomplishment?
What is your favorite book to read?
What makes you laugh the most?
What was the last movie you went to? What did you think?
What did you want to be when you were small?
What is your favorite game or sport to watch and play?
What two radio stations do you listen to in the car the most?
If you could hire someone to help you, would it be with cleaning, cooking, or yard work?
If you could only eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Have you ever had a nickname? What is it?
Do you like or dislike surprises? Why or why not?
In the evening, would you rather play a game, visit a relative, watch a movie, or read?
Would you rather vacation in Hawaii or Alaska, and why?
Would you rather win the lottery or work at the perfect job? And why?
If money was no object, what would you do all day?
If you could go back in time, what year would you travel to?
What is the best gift you have been given?
What is the worst gift you have received?
What's your favorite zoo animal?
If you could go back in time to change one thing, what would it be?
What's the tallest building you've been to the top in?
Would you rather trade intelligence for looks or looks for intelligence?
Have you ever had a secret admirer?
What's the most daring thing you've ever done?
What was the last thing you recorded on TV?
Are you a clean or messy person?
What's your favorite fast food chain?
What's your favorite family recipe?
Do you love or hate rollercoasters?
What's your favorite family tradition?
What's the craziest thing you’ve done in the name of love?
What three items would you take with you on a deserted island?
What's the most unusual thing you've ever eaten?
Is there anything you wished would come back into fashion?
Which of the five senses would you say is your strongest?
Have you ever had a surprise party?
Are you related or distantly related to anyone famous?
What do you do to keep fit?
Does your family have a “motto” – spoken or unspoken?
What three things do you think of the most each day?
If you had a warning label, what would yours say?
What song would you say best sums you up?
If you could join any past or current music group which would you want to join?
If you had to describe yourself as an animal, which one would it be?
What is one thing you will never do again?
Cats are sincere.
What city are you from?
Everyone gets it wrong at first.
The golden flowers must've softened the fall.
Woe is you!
Woe to me!
I swear by all the saints!
Australia isn't real.
You at least, you like simplicity!
Continents are a social construct.
It's as his name suggests.
I put trust in her that she didn't deserve.
I put trust in him that he didn't deserve.
I put trust in them that they didn't deserve.
Pick a category.
I must've lost the key on the way there.
I must've lost the key on the way.
I need both.
Pick a letter.
Pick a letter of the alphabet.
I'll have that.
You wouldn't want to miss it, hm?
Wow, this is just like 1984.
The cat let out a plaintive meow.
Our cat has terrible separation anxiety.
Our dog has terrible separation anxiety.
"Good morning." "Coffee."
Why didn't the Eastern Roman Empire fall?
An accretion disk has formed around the star.
The cat doesn't seem to like the smell of that at all.
Feelings aren't facts.
You're already paying to carry a tracking device around.
He laughs at us.
He will get what is coming to him!
Don't stand up to me!
It could happen anywhere.
Help yourself to some punch.
Laughter and tears always go together.
The pony has a six-pointed star on its flank.
Keep calm!
Stay on guard!
Every dog is a good dog.
Every cat is a good cat.
Where exactly is Boston?
Where exactly is Australia?
Keep aware!
It's upsetting.
Have you tried seitan?
I love seitan.
Seitan is a lifesaver.
Veganism is cheaper than smoking.
I was never expecting them to pay me.
I love plums.
I was in awe of the artistry on display.
Yair Stern was a terrible person and a traitor.
It's a national newspaper.
It's a local newspaper.
It happened ten years ago.
It happened ten years ago today.
No one ever really leaves you.
I'm not sure most people understand the depth of cruelty that people are capable of.
You're not lost.
Is salsa a fruit salad?
Is ketchup a liquid?
Is ketchup a syrup?
It's a living tradition.
I'm an idealist.
I was an idealist.
I'm a cynic.
I was a cynic.
I got my first dose of the vaccine.
He contracted a hernia from carrying heavy loads.
Never give water to a donkey, if he is not thirsty.
I love cuddling with cats.
My arm is sore.
Can you pick up a case of beer on your way back?
Can you pick up a case of beer on the way back?
I want to be a cat.
It was really trippy.
What do you really, really want?
What do you call it in French?
I can't think of the word for it.
"I can't think of the word for it." "Can you describe it?"
Dr. Seuss didn't have a doctorate.
I'm not trying to nitpick.
I don't think you're actually silenced.
It's more nuanced than that.
They will make us regress.
It is quite clear that they are going to make us regress.
Everything that happens to you affects me.
I wish I could go to a ball.
Gluten is literally seitan.
I need more seitan in my life.
I practically worship seitan.
Seitan is divine.
I haven't seen a straight person in three days.
Hay to this bad tool which is, in addition, rickety!
I sleep on the bus.
I sleep in my car.
I live out of my car.
I have no permanent residence.
I have no permanent address.
If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten.
I have the hiccups.
When someone has hiccups, some tell him that he stole the cat's share of meat.
What even is time?
I have an invisible illness.
Her new book takes the form of a series of vignettes.
I hate drama!
If such a thing as meritocracy existed, it would be gone within a generation.
Power begets power.
We have five cats.
We've got five cats.
I like to sing to my lizard.
I like to sing to my turtle.
The good ol' days weren't good for most people.
The good old days weren't good for most people.
Ew.
I don't live in Australia all year.
Do you act differently when you speak French?
Can you understand our French?
Do you ever dream in French?
Everyone has flaws.
Everybody has flaws.
"Everybody has flaws." "I don't."
"Everyone has flaws." "I don't."
This man is a luminary.
Consent can be revoked at any time.
That was my cat typing.
I can't always understand people from Australia when they speak to each other.
I want a pet pig.
They were correct.
It has been sold.
There are subliminal messages hidden all over Boston.
Humans are silly.
Maestri Dil Sono was a good Ido-language music project.
"You're cute." "No, you're cute." "No, you're cute!" "No, you're cute!" "OK, I'm cute."
This car was bought last year from someone; it had cost a fortune.
It will scarcely be any easier on the people if the cudgel with which they are beaten is called the people's cudgel.
It will scarcely be any easier on the people if the stick with which they are beaten is called the people's stick.
Our cat is always complaining.
You're hammered, aren't you?
It's the rat race!
The cat purred.
It's off the books.
Do I smell?
They say March goes in like a lion and out like a lamb, but it's more complicated than that.
They say March goes in like a lion and out like a lamb.
I can't drink this coffee.
This coffee is too weak.
No, we're not together. Just friends.
We have ways of making you talk.
I'm named after my grandmother.
I'm named after my late grandmother.
I'm named after my ancestor.
I don't watch sportsball.
And?
I'm not sure what to say to that.
It's been deleted from the logs.
Why are there cats in here?
Why aren't there any cats in here?
I'm never going to give you up.
It's hard for me to get the cadence right when I speak Spanish.
Nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more.
I smell a skunk.
I have anxiety.
I have severe anxiety.
I have generalized anxiety disorder.
Leverage your strengths.
We need leverage if we're going to lift this.
Care for a game of badminton?
What's the difference between badminton and tennis?
It doesn't cost much!
Our common language is Esperanto.
Our common language is French.
A broken clock is right twice a day.
I can attest to his innocence.
We stayed in a quaint bed and breakfast by the sea.
Take off your tinfoil hat.
My taste buds are tingling!
He's not even 30 and he has a receding hairline.
His brother scrubbed the pan with a Brillo pad.
He bought a mini fridge for his dorm room.
You deserve good things.
I deserve good things.
Beg me to eat.
This composition is in the key of A-minor.
I could never really get into jazz.
The song has an interesting melodic line.
What makes a great musician?
You can't win if you don't play.
You can't win the lottery if you don't buy a ticket.
"Huh?" "Nothing, I just coughed. That was all."
The company was able to ramp up sales by hiring more employees and streamlining working practices.
Broken people find each other.
Was that today or yesterday?
They accused him of promoting Nestorianism in his works.
They know they're wrong.
Whereas the junction is more stiff or rigid, the nexus is more pliable; it is, as it were, animate or articulated.
He said, Look at the world, there was good and evil in that; look at the ecclesiastical law, there was good and evil in THAT.
If we alter the construction of such sentences, the missing antecedent is often restored.
I'm not sure what I'm going to have for dinner.
I heard they gave you a medal.
In North America, the word "sherbet" refers to a sorbet with milk.
Is it impossible or just difficult?
Is it impossible or just hard?
I think they did you a great disservice.
Just pull the wishbone apart while making a wish.
Getting her to study English is like pulling teeth.
Empty the coffee grounds after you're done brewing.
I usually use a French press to make coffee.
You're going to have to delve deeper if you want to get to the truth.
What's in the secret sauce?
The comment didn't go over well with her parents.
Find me a pizza.
He fled to Canada to dodge the draft.
It's safe to say he won't be invited back any time soon.
When learning Russian, it's important to understand the difference between perfective and imperfective verbs.
A woman's place is wherever she wants to be.
I've had my share of run-ins with the law.
It's not out of the question.
I am once again asking for your financial support.
But it is not only the flag itself that elicits strong reactions. In some cases, just the radial pattern design of the flag is enough.
According to the United Nations, Zimbabwe is probably facing its worst humanitarian crisis with more than 5.5 million in need of food aid because of recurring droughts and the moribund economy.
My contribution is still pending approval.
Childbearing isn't easy.
Russian nouns can be masculine, feminine, or neuter.
He had a pretty gnarly gash on his arm.
Just say no to simplistic solutions.
His argument was based entirely on anecdotal evidence.
Don't overthink that.
It's not warm enough out to open the window.
I wish saber-toothed cats still existed.
The world as we know it is probably going to end within the next century.
The world as we know it is going to end within the next century.
Sea levels are going to rise drastically.
Increased CO₂ levels are significantly contributing to a general lack of nutrients in our crops.
Someone stole the hubcaps off our car!
I know from my conversations with women around the country, particularly older women, that far too many think they don't need mammograms because they are past their childbearing years.
Where population is balanced and abundant, much childbearing becomes an evil rather than a blessing to the State.
Glancing upward, I saw the aperture, a small blue disc, in which a star was visible.
The tabby is lying on my foot.
We used to have an 8088.
Did your parents have a camcorder?
All collectors of out of the way books know the pleasure of the exercise of serendipity, but they enjoy it in different ways.
The facsimile proved that the inscription was genuine.
The facsimile here given is from the latter book.
My girlfriend is doing a dab.
I hated the 2000s.
Everything was so religious.
The boards are held together using only wood glue.
Making excellent products is only part of the equation.
The comment section is a microcosm of the larger cultural debate taking place.
The heretic was anathematized.
Nestorius was anathematized in 451 at the Council of Chalcedon.
This jambalaya is excellent!
That's the only way it can work.
Everyone's too busy scamming each other to save the environment.
It's never been clear.
This website doesn't allow users to change their screen name.
He entered the novitiate.
He hasn't been tonsured yet; he's a novice.
The monk took a vow of silence.
I can't hear you. The line is breaking up.
There will never be a uniform and universally accepted standard for determining the boundaries of languages and dialects.
Don't eat yellow snow.
There used to be lions in the Levant.
There are lions in India.
There used to be lions in Iran.
Leave your drama at the door.
Learning a language includes learning to be political.
His answer was laconic.
The camera came in for a closeup.
Was there shrinkage or is it normally that small?
Be sure to restate the question in your answer.
Shrinkage may occur.
Captain Jackson is in charge of the flagship.
Her poems subvert the dominant narrative of "Western civilization."
Your views aren't unfashionable so much as unconscionable.
Cats are not apex predators.
Let me get my camcorder.
There's an envoy from Australia here to see you.
You're in the wrong forum.
I unclogged the sink.
Dates are nature's candy.
Are these rutabagas?
What am I going to do with rutabagas?
I'm hallucinating people.
It's really not that important.
This last statement is true, of course.
There's a dark side to optimism.
I guess I'm not going anywhere any time soon.
I didn't order any rutabagas.
Name every capital.
Capitalist, eh? Name every capital.
The benefits will be commensurate with the size of the project.
This car is equipped with airbags.
I need to buy windshield wiper fluid.
He is not so much a humorist as a satirist of the Thackeray type — unsparing in his denunciation of shams, affectations, and flimsy pretences of all kinds.
I don't want to end up having to pay an overdraft fee.
He's in a program for indigent patients.
A man in a long duster had dismounted from the wreck and now stood in the middle of the road, looking from the car to the tire and from the tire to the observers in a pleasant, puzzled way.
The cat went after my feather duster.
It's near what looks like a little gully.
What are the industrial applications of boron?
Boron was first isolated from borax.
Everything else is just filler.
Most of the album is filler.
My boss docked my pay for leaving early.
Technology is wild.
Outreach programs are the main source of support for at-risk teens in this community.
Love changes everything.
Love changes almost everything.
Terms like "woke" and "cancel culture" are used by the right as filler to disguise the lack of substance in their arguments.
The Pfizer and Moderna vaccines are 90 percent effective.
The Pfizer and Moderna vaccines are 10 percent ineffective.
When sued for defamation, Sidney Powell offered the defense that no reasonable person would believe anything she says.
You still need to wear a mask until herd immunity is achieved.
That's the Indonesian flag, not the Polish flag.
The package is in Queens.
These words mean different things, so don't mix them up.
The rich are like cats: they can't help but pull the strings.
Your job will be to liaise with our clients.
It arrived today.
It's the twentieth of April.
The coffee was delicious; thank you.
I love my girlfriend.
I love my boyfriend.
I love my partner.
I love my spouse.
The cat coughed up a hairball.
Leopold II of Belgium was a monster.
Jordan Peterson is a joke.
America isn't the only imperialist power.
The cat is purring in my lap.
A magician never reveals their tricks.
I don't live there.
Will you help me build a computer?
I've got everything.
Stalin was a bad person.
Look! A kitty!
Everyone, relax.
Is that a good multivitamin?
"The walls are breathing." "Yep, that's mushrooms for you."
A ragtag group of anarchists is squatting in abandoned buildings in Boston.
They're squatting in a ramshackle old factory at the moment.
The revolution kicked into overdrive.
The infection has reached the bone.
As soon as he started to move, he hit his toe against a stone.
He meddles with what does not concern him.
You have no self-confidence.
You have no self-esteem.
I'm not allowed to let you in there.
I'm not in the mood to argue with you.
Righty tighty, lefty loosey.
Is there life on Earth?
Mr. Jackson was my favorite teacher.
Mr. Jackson was the best teacher I ever had.
His callously utilitarian outlook doesn't earn him many friends.
They couldn't win an election fairly, so their only recourse was to gerrymander.
What's your exercise regimen?
When we are hungry, we do not look at the sauce.
People have to do things to survive.
You can't eat prayer.
Utilitarian philosophers have tried to justify some messed-up things.
There were once Sephardi pirates in the Caribbean.
He's telling people what they want to hear.
He's telling people what they want to hear for personal gain.
I think the cat is dreaming — she's moving her paws.
Why is Esperanto important?
Nothing is real.
The Kabyle people are resilient; when they want, they harden more than granite.
Cats are the bridges between dimensions.
Why is French so hard?
It's almost May.
I want a tail.
This site is selling tails that move, but they're expensive.
Does this look moldy to you?
Does this smell OK to you?
Does this bread seem stale to you?
Do you want to ride along?
Do you want to come along for the ride?
Sorry; did you say eighty or eighteen?
Gene patents are not legitimate.
Change is necessary and possible.
Why is Neptune blue?
Learning is the next step after education.
The sheer volume of disinformation is difficult to rebut.
I'm disillusioned with everything.
There are quite a few ways to express derision in Esperanto.
I find the third stanza weak.
All mammals are cynodonts.
You can't eat peace.
A bad word continues to hurt for a very long time.
While sowing, the peasants said: “O earth, may you satisfy the plow and the sack of seed."
Our oldest cat turned 18.
In the ancient world, dogs were trained to lick people's wounds as a form of medicine.
This practice is not recommended.
Why is Mexico City sinking?
People believe Paul Wexler's nonsense because they want to believe it.
People believe Shlomo Sand's nonsense because they want to believe it.
People are more inclined to believe in pseudoscience that flatters their preconceived notions.
Lizards are more closely related to humans than to salamanders.
Venus once had oceans.
Happy May Day!
I don't know; I'm just a cat.
I don't know enough French to make out what they're saying.
Qur'an chanting is pretty.
There are good and bad people of all religions, and this is also true of secularists.
Richard Dawkins is proof that you don't need religion to be a terrible person.
For much of my life, Ronald Reagan was the oldest U.S. president in history, and now he's the third oldest.
You're doing the best you can.
Be kind and gentle with yourself.
Your son doesn't look like you.
Even if I wasn't afraid of spiders, I wouldn't want to keep one as a pet.
I'm not an interpreter.
We're not interpreters.
I could've been an interpreter.
If you had tried to make a better first impression, your neighbors would probably be kinder to you.
My uncle won't be eligible for parole for another 8 months.
Meet me on the wharf.
What happened to the book I lent you?
You awaken primal urges in me.
Education is the bedrock of civilization.
Boston is a relatively opulent city.
Is a friar the same thing as a priest?
They're trying to gerrymander their way to power.
It's a lopsided conflict.
Help is available to indigent borrowers.
I intend to juxtapose Senator Jackson's words and his actions in this supercut.
At this point, it's inescapable.
I am a native speaker of the penguin language.
It's not warm enough to open the window.
She stopped taking Prozac because it gave her a manic episode.
I would love to have met Carl Sagan.
It's definitely running faster now.
The cats are fascinated by this latest turn of events.
Mayor Jackson brought Boston into considerable disrepute.
Why am I always hungry?
You've been safe for a long time now.
It's all in the past.
You're not there anymore.
She's not in your life anymore.
She can't hurt you anymore.
He can't hurt you anymore.
He's not in your life anymore.
There's too much on the screen for me to look at.
Are you a native French speaker?
It was a bad take.
It doesn't bother me either way.
This word is derived from French.
I'm the Queen of Antarctica.
"You're gorgeous." "Why do people say that? I'm not."
A glottal stop is a consonant articulated by closing and opening the glottis.
Theodore Roosevelt coined the term "bully pulpit" to refer to the U.S. presidency as a place from which to advocate one's views.
I'm going to let you finish.
I will remand the order I despatched to my banker.
To him, in his present fractious mood, she dared whisper no observations, nor ask of him any information.
This food is past its expiration date.
What's the best way to thaw beef?
He left the beef out on the counter to thaw.
She decided to thaw the meat in the microwave.
The package is here.
Give me some time to check.
People can believe whatever they want as long they don’t infringe upon anyone’s individual freedom.
Your position is unprovable and unsound.
You’ll have to summarize it for me.
That sounds like a personal problem.
I no longer have to interact with people I have little to nothing in common with.
Is there a noticeable difference?
The case is remanded to the lower court.
He stopped at the garage for a pneumatic mattress that had amused his guests during the summer, and the chauffeur helped him pump it up.
Yes, I live here.
Are you sure you're a native French speaker?
PTSD can steal your life.
Moses was the greatest of the prophets, but he was not a perfect person.
Malachi was the last of the prophets.
It's best not to try to reconcile the contradictions.
Contradictions are part of reality.
Is everything alright in there?
The aliens are coming.
Look! A bunny!
"We need more synergy." "What does that mean?"
Bad people sometimes agree with good things for the wrong reason.
Pluralism is the only way forward.
Is this a sentence?
Is this a run-on sentence?
Good people sometimes support the wrong things for the right reasons.
Disinformation is everywhere.
Aristotle considered eudaimonia to be the highest human good.
More than one thing can be bad at the same time.
Oh yes, thank you!
You get the friends you deserve.
My ancestors wrote it.
Our ancestors wrote it.
Rickrolling is an old meme.
Contribute to Wiktionary.
Continue reading.
Play with the cats.
Watch cat videos on YouTube.
Do breathing exercises.
Talk with your partners.
Talk with your partner.
Go outside for a walk.
Go for a walk outside.
Listen to guided muscle relaxation exercises.
Listen to guided meditation.
Listen to guided breathing exercises.
I didn't make my meaning clear.
At that time I was extremely mentally damaged, as I am now.
They tried to talk me out of it three times.
The fact that it's possible to overcome a disadvantage doesn't make that disadvantage acceptable.
Take it a day at a time.
Nudist colonies must have the lowest rates of pickpocketing in the world.
It's a bad way of looking at it.
I wonder if it might be trauma-related.
I live on the moon.
The Byzantine Empire is a historical construction.
You'll need 1/3 cup of peanut oil.
Would you like to make a statement?
This film has a lot of good things going for it.
I didn't know that. Now I feel bad.
There's an old saying in Tennessee—I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee—that says, fool me once, shame on—shame on you. Fool me, you can't get fooled again.
I do my best to avoid creating content.
Let's paint the wagon.
I'm sorry if that didn't make sense.
Did that make sense?
I don't think that's French.
I don't think that's Yiddish.
It's fine; it's just voseo.
My cat chirps.
It's more likely than you think.
That's a bad opinion.
I stood up for myself.
She's ugly.
They are ugly.
The statue of Perun was tossed into the Dnieper.
I'm not sure if I will respond.
He said he was trying to get better.
He said he missed me.
Are you accusing me of being facetious?
I haven't got a dime.
Smash the patriarchy!
I think it's in the foyer.
Is that a heathen sacrament?
The singular of data is datum.
All the Islamists in the world support Palestine, which is anti-Semitic.
Money is a curious thing.
A person is a mirror that reflects the universe.
There's a skeleton following you everywhere you go.
People are likely to believe images, regardless of whether they're true or not, especially when presented by a person they trust.
Did you mean to link me that?
Is Ferhat Mehenni's music any good?
Does Ferhat Mehenni have a Bandcamp?
Just because you call it a "workers' state" doesn't mean it is one.
The Pharisees were good, actually.
It's not true, but it's ideologically pure, and that's what matters.
I'd love some corn.
Would you like some corn?
Corn is a-maize-ing.
She is hideous.
He is hideous.
I hate mosquitoes with every fiber of my being.
Someone hacked my account.
My Facebook account was hacked.
I'm not a computer person.
I'm computer illiterate.
I'm a Luddite.
His lease is up.
We're signing a new lease on Sunday.
Why would they tell you that?
There are a couple grammar points I'd like to go over in the last few minutes of our lesson.
He's been living in his van for the past few months.
Is that a real place?
It has its perks.
What is punk?
There were a lot of new and interesting phrases in today's lesson.
Keep on working hard!
You're cute when you sleep. And also when you're awake.
You're cute when you sleep.
She writes books.
They write books.
I didn't need to know that.
I may be a robot, but I have a soul just like you.
What could be more normal for an ox stung by a gadfly to run away; but why did the donkey follow him?
You can't trust some random person off a personals site.
Not everyone has good intentions.
I'm not following you into that cult.
Like French and Russian, Yiddish requires double negatives in many places.
You can always call me.
A fact-based argument is better than a misleading image.
It tastes just like the real thing.
You can't turn back time.
I'm coughing up a storm.
Stop creasing the pages!
It's the lying that gets me.
Life has a 100 percent mortality rate.
We need to pick up some more propane tanks.
They sell cheap propane there.
He left a large bequest to the Mozilla Foundation.
Don't drink propane.
I'd definitely say so.
That's a valid point you brought up there.
That does certainly seem to be the case.
I didn't answer your question.
It's not like I like you or anything!
Information comes faster than people can process it.
Is this really French?
We're all moved in.
I knew you were a level-headed man.
You forgot Poland.
You're making me get up?
What is digital infinity?
Is linguistics a type of math or is math a type of linguistics?
Cats protect me from the shadow people.
The first programming language I used didn't have loop statements, only gotos.
Why do people like spy stories?
The monument was defaced.
Are you living a double life?
Everyone deserves good things, including you.
Everyone deserves good things, including me.
I've been doing better at that lately.
I've been having trouble getting to sleep.
Can I ask you a few personal questions?
I need a cat.
A number of airlines, including Air France, Lufthansa and Singapore Airlines, have said they would not fly through Belarusian airspace.
It's been my mental health that has consistently held me back.
Do you have a Mason jar?
If it's going to be like that, nevermind.
I can understand French, but I don't speak it.
My dog understands French, but he doesn't speak it.
My cat understands French, but she pretends not to.
They're not a cooperative; they just appropriate the aesthetic of one.
That hairy space alien doesn't speak English; he just understands it.
I'm actually polyamorous.
We're actually polyamorous.
It wasn't really that bad.
Chemistry is alchemy that works.
That's completely ahistoric.
I asked her to please stop.
I have trouble knowing for sure.
Bad siblings are like fringes' wires; if you stretch them too much, they break; if you leave them as they are, they will intertwine.
I never cut your hair.
I haven't received an updated roster.
No one on the roster speaks French.
Let's do a quick recap.
She liked him too little to care for his approbation.
I think most of them are benevolent but misguided.
Migration is a basic human right.
What other people think of me is none of my business.
Not everything bad is genocide.
There's a hair in my sandwich!
Take a break. It's fine.
Could you turn the volume up? I can't make out what they're saying from my apartment.
We're doing Wrath Month instead of Pride Month this year.
My psychiatrist is Dr. Jackson.
That was a really long time ago.
That was a very long time ago.
That was such a long time ago.
Is it true that my mind is only a harmony, and my soul a vortex?
I've seen the face of mercilessness.
It's easier not to start than it is to quit.
It's the rat race.
Regarding this, no need to say more.
America is fake.
It's a necklace, not a cat toy!
Just as they wanted to cross the ford, they were intimidated. What could it be?
A lizard has confronted the ogre.
I'm not a sports fan.
I'm a kitty cat.
What are the steps you need to take to get from here to there?
You're so much happier now.
I'm so much happier now.
I'm not as lonely now as I was then.
I'm not as alienated now as I was then.
I'm more content now than I was then.
Life ebbs and flows.
An ophthalmologist doesn't care for pregnant people; that's an obstetrician.
Do you know where she works?
Do you know where he works?
Let's make a list.
The wedding will be nice.
That's what I was getting at.
There's a deeper component at work.
It's a debate as old as time itself.
All I can do at this point is pray for them.
My dad got a pacemaker recently.
It wasn't too cold when I took that picture.
We were pretty reckless.
The acting wasn't great.
It was decent.
What a time to be alive.
You most certainly will need to do that now.
I don't intend to fly anymore.
That's a great milestone.
I love him so much.
Better days are coming.
We miss you both so much.
There are a lot of women here.
It sounds like you guys have a healthy relationship.
Amharic is a Semitic language.
Right now I can only have four keyboard layouts at a time, so I can't type Cyrillic.
Language changes over time.
I know you can't see him.
I'm here live.
My cats are my children.
There's no getting it back.
Even if you do everything you can to mend what was done, and even if they accept it, their trauma will never go away.
There's no turning back time.
It will be with them for the rest of their life.
They will have to learn to cope with it, but they will have lost a part of themselves, and there is no getting it back.
I didn't look that up at all.
Do you know its etymology?
Capitalism eats everyone's time.
You got the money?
I speak fluent French.
I'm tired and bored.
I haven't done that today.
Has this happened to you?
Unfortunately, it doesn't really seem to be true.
Wouldn't almost anyone admit that?
I don't feel any need to justify this position.
It's simply obvious.
The beauty of virtue is utterly self-evident to me.
It seems obviously false to me.
That does make sense intuitively.
They call this shabby chic.
The only problem is that she looks like my mom.
Is there any evidence to support that claim?
That's an unsubstantiated claim.
I've only got one lesson today.
It's pretty far from the city.
This is a private road.
North Korea is a feudal state.
Nobody noticed my new haircut.
Is this where you grew up?
Did you grow up here?
My schedule is pretty packed.
The water is too cold.
There's nothing to do in our city.
It's a very relaxing place.
You have to book in advance.
There are some leftovers in the fridge.
Thanks for making dinner.
What is he implying?
Did you drop this?
Intruder! You don't belong here!
Put a shirt on.
Put on a shirt.
He's a compulsive liar.
I didn't know he was unarmed at the time.
I felt that my life was in danger.
Be aware of your surroundings.
Thanks for letting me use your pen.
When was this book written?
My views have evolved since then.
My views have changed since then.
He still hasn't come to.
I get an error when I refresh the page.
The site's not working at all.
I can't sign in.
I keep getting error messages.
I can't register on the site.
I think the site might be offline.
Are you connected to the internet?
I can't log in.
Try restarting your computer.
This offer has expired.
You need to register for the event in advance.
There will be a Q&A session following the lecture.
There will be a Q&A session following the debate.
He was hiding in plain sight.
Are the languages mutually intelligible?
It was a really awkward situation.
I tried to change the topic as quickly as possible.
I didn't feel comfortable discussing that.
That guy gave off a strange vibe.
I need a new belt.
We're waiting for the pizza to arrive.
You can have a snack in the meantime.
Stop calling me.
Are you being serious right now?
It's not too late to turn back.
I think we took a wrong turn.
Are you sure you know where we're going?
I don't want to get lost.
Let's get back on the main road.
His voice is really deep.
That sounds incredibly boring.
Is your mic muted?
Make sure to take notes.
My company has started promoting it.
They were probably rich.
He spoke English, but his wife didn't.
Don't point at people.
It's rude to point your finger at people.
You are falsely accusing me.
Am I being detained?
You can leave whenever you want.
I don't even know the guy.
Sorry for what I wrote, because I wanted to throw up.
Sorry for what I wrote, because I wanted to retch.
I'm a centrist. I think communism and anarchism both make good points.
This is a story-telling.
Mario has a thick Italian accent.
I'll be getting pluots this weekend.
Lysenko believed that modern genetics was a Western imperialist plot designed to undermine Russia.
There's no money in the cash register.
Wait until the page loads.
Wait for the page to load.
I'm headed to work.
This is the English section. Your question would probably get more answers if it was posted in the French section.
Please stop texting me.
Please stop calling me.
In the early 20th century United States, acting was seen as a disreputable profession.
We'll get into it.
This story is very weird.
His parents split up when he was young.
A liger is a cross between a male lion and a female tiger.
So much the better for you.
I am glad you are fine.
I'm fluent in English.
Some people swear by it.
I think this watermelon is exceptional.
When I finished reading that book, I hugged it.
She hates flying.
She's afraid of flying.
You kicked me.
He didn't get a promotion.
The priest is in the chapel.
The monk is in the monastery.
She clapped.
They clapped.
We clapped.
This is a unique belt.
I can sell it to you.
I have many hats like this one.
Can you sell it to me?
Someone liked my comment.
This happens a lot.
I can't stand the taste of milk.
I ate cereal for breakfast.
I've already had a cup of coffee today.
Coffee makes me sleepy.
Coffee makes me nauseous.
I didn't drink any coffee today.
I haven't had any coffee today.
To finish updating, restart your device.
I can't pronounce this word.
This word is impossible to pronounce.
This is a template.
She struggles with pronunciation.
At times it's difficult to understand what she is saying.
Her dad has a beard.
I mostly need conversation practice.
That's probably when I will be available during the week.
I'm still trying to sort my schedule out.
This is an irregular verb.
Can I have all the money in the world?
His so-called apology involved an inordinate amount of explanation and complaining.
Mr. Jackson fits the archetype of a wizard.
He was a stalwart defender of the role of philosophy in education.
The proportion between carbonic acid gained and oxygen lost, CO₂/O₂ is termed the "respiratory quotient."
Your incisive criticism will deflate a lot of egos.
We don't have time to search every crevice.
He has a maverick disregard for protocol.
They have a maverick disregard for fashion.
You're spending an inordinate amount of time there.
Define quality.
I think I saw little green men.
Gujari isn't the same language as Gujarati.
I was in Goa but I didn't learn any Konkani.
Does everyone in Tamil Nadu speak Tamil?
Marathi isn't a Dravidian language; you're thinking of Malayalam.
I won't insult you with my terrible French.
Some people refer to Wednesday as "hump day."
I'm carrying a pail of water.
I don't like your avatar.
Why did you change your avatar?
We need to act now if we want to avert disaster.
Avert your eyes.
This is not factual information.
What sort of trickery is this?
What kind of trickery is this?
We're out of laundry detergent.
Have you ever seen a badger?
This museum is a popular tourist attraction.
The old cathedral is a popular tourist attraction.
This bridge is a famous tourist attraction.
She was wearing a bonnet.
You look goofy.
I'm not self-employed.
Is he self-employed?
Is she self-employed?
You need to find the lowest common denominator.
His performance was unconvincing.
Find the lowest common denominator.
They want to normalize that kind of behavior.
I don't like fencing.
The novelty is starting to wear off.
Isolated communities of Western Yiddish speakers survived into the 20th century, but the dialects are now extinct.
You better pay up!
If you don't pay up, you'll never see your brother again.
He let out an audible sigh.
The noise was barely audible.
He was very flamboyant.
Do you have gout?
The countryside is truly picturesque.
Watch your flank!
I've got a bad blister.
Why are you so argumentative?
It was a joyous occasion.
Can you read the question?
Our plans have gone awry.
Archaeologists found a papyrus scroll in the ruins.
I'll be waiting in the foyer.
She was waiting in the foyer.
Get your grubby mitts off me!
Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, and you feed him for a lifetime.
I don't care, cat.
Monkeys are not as strong as bears.
Wolves are not as smart as foxes.
My mother doesn't like animals.
My mom doesn't like animals.
What is your favorite wild animal?
I had to move here.
The people are very friendly here.
The weather is nice here.
We have a lot of museums.
My city is near the sea.
Would you follow her advice?
Would you follow his advice?
All of these factors are important.
A snake is just a really long head.
It's been over six years since I was last in the psych ward.
The cat came to say hi.
There's a lot of evil hidden in romanticism.
I'll give you a head start.
Can you send me your meatloaf recipe?
The news was startling.
Would your mom disapprove?
I disapprove of his behavior.
I don't think he would disapprove.
Nothing is unbreakable.
My heart is unbreakable.
The garage door is open.
Is the garage door open?
The police arrived a few minutes later.
He enjoyed wrestling.
I need a new chair.
I want to buy a new chair.
I'm going to buy a new chair.
I bought a new chair.
Can we use our notes?
Can we use a calculator?
Can I have some scratch paper?
When is it due?
Can I copy your answers?
Can I compare my answers to yours?
Are there any extra credit opportunities?
Did you take notes during the lecture?
Can you send me your notes?
I can't afford that textbook.
I prefer to take notes on my computer.
She accused me of plagiarizing my essay.
She accused me of plagiarism.
I always raise my hand, but the teacher never calls on me.
Our teacher had us work in groups.
We worked in groups.
The questions on the practice test were easier.
I'm going to stick around for a while.
Can you bring me my laptop?
I can't read it because it's too blurry.
I can't open it because it's locked.
I can't sleep because it's too bright outside.
I can't drive because I don't have a license.
The door won't shut.
I don't listen to music.
Do you want to listen to some of my music?
Can I read you some of my poetry?
Can I read you some of my writing?
He has a lot of energy.
I'm feeling congested.
We're out of salt.
Please check your internet connection.
I saved it to my flash drive.
I bought an external hard drive.
It's too humid.
It's too humid where I live.
I don't know what day it is.
"I'm surrounded by cats!" "Sounds like a nice problem to have."
I'm surrounded by cats!
The stickers don't stick.
The mug is chipped.
The shirt is stained.
My jeans are torn.
The apples are rotten.
The computer has a virus.
He spilled a cup of coffee on his computer.
This can of beans is expired.
I bought these jeans last week at your store.
I lost the receipt.
Do I need the receipt?
We can send you a new pair of jeans.
Can you send us an email detailing the problem?
I can't find my receipt.
I can't find the receipt.
This is a misleading description.
The description was misleading.
This food is expired.
Can I see your receipt?
I still haven't received your letter.
I had a similar reaction.
Children can be messy.
I always get up late.
I don't like exercising.
I go to bed late.
I think it's impolite to do that.
Watch the road!
I always stay up late.
It's impolite.
Why is she so nice to him?
Why is he so nice to her?
Why are they so nice to him?
What makes a meme dank?
It's okay to be weird.
It's OK to be weird.
You didn't invent that.
Don't make me pull this car over!
A Buddhist monk walks into a pizza parlor and says, "Make me one with everything."
Aren't these other things also bad?
The bowl is filled with water.
The bowl is filled with milk.
Did he tell you where she lived?
There's nothing I can do to you that you haven't already done to yourself.
He read the text, but he hasn't replied.
I texted him as soon as I heard the news.
Has it cooled off yet?
I just saw your text.
I didn't see your text.
You built a factory out there? Good for you. But I want to be clear. You moved your goods to market on the roads the rest of us paid for. You hired workers the rest of us paid to educate.
What size is he?
What size is she?
Did she ask you to do that?
Did they ask you to do that?
I need some time to think it over.
She hasn't texted me back.
He hasn't texted me back.
They haven't texted me back.
You never respond to my texts.
He's a sensitive guy.
That wasn't very nice of you to say.
I left my book here and now it's gone.
Did you take my book?
Give me my book back.
If you're talking, I can't hear you.
We didn't hear what you just said.
We didn't hear what you were saying.
We couldn't hear what you said.
We couldn't hear what you were saying.
Does anyone here know this guy?
It was quite the spectacle.
What's the verdict?
He's a troublemaker.
Where's the stroller?
Do you have permission to be here?
My son is teething.
Sorry, I wasn't paying attention to you.
I accidentally locked my keys in the car.
We keep a spare key hidden under our doormat.
I'm starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel.
Your laugh is contagious.
There are no good states.
Put it in the box.
Take it out of the box.
Can you help me lift this box?
This box isn't heavy.
Do you know what's inside the box?
Rinse out your mug.
Could you bring me a cup of water?
Did it live up to the hype?
Refresh the page.
You need to restart the computer.
You need to restart your computer.
Leave it plugged in.
Leave it turned on.
Leave it open.
Don't bother turning it off.
Make sure it's closed.
Make sure the window is shut.
Make sure the windows are rolled up.
Leave the car running.
Leave it running.
Tell him I'll be right back.
Tell her I'll be right back.
Tell them I'll be right back.
Could you shut the window?
I was late for work because my alarm didn't go off.
I was late for work because I forgot to set my alarm.
I closed the window because it was too noisy outside.
I turned the fan on.
I'll make dinner.
The food is bland.
The food was bland.
You'll come back, right?
You're coming back, right?
You're not going to leave me here, are you?
The trick to making puns is knowing there are no good ones.
Some ran away and created new lives.
I wish he would stop doing that.
Are you sure he's a native speaker?
The book is heavy.
The car has just been washed.
I'm sorry for my bad French.
If you see I'm wrong, let's say I didn't say anything.
The bride stands out on her throne.
I didn't even hear that one.
Are we going swimming today?
Are we going to go swimming today?
Is it safe to go swimming there?
Is there a lifeguard on duty?
Does anyone know CPR?
I forgot my towel.
Can I borrow some sunscreen?
Do you want to use my sunscreen?
Can you watch our things?
Can you watch my bag for a minute?
I forgot my sandals.
I don't have a change of clothes.
I have nothing to change into.
Let's make a sandcastle.
I got you some ice cream.
Did you bring the cooler?
I asked him if it was ever permissible for a parent to punish their child.
Can you help me install this program?
You're not as lazy as my sister.
My sister's a lot lazier than you are.
They're giving out free pens.
Would you like to join our mailing list?
There are many ways to donate.
Pick up your toys.
Clean up after yourself.
I knew exactly what he was going to say.
I knew exactly what she was going to say.
I knew exactly what they were going to say.
I knew exactly what you were going to say.
I didn't understand his argument.
I didn't understand the argument.
What point was he trying to make?
What was he trying to say?
What was he trying to prove?
It wasn't really clear what his position was.
It was a pointless debate.
Can you explain the steps in more detail?
Are you fasting?
Add some olive oil.
You're going to need more than that.
I've been doing some spring cleaning.
I couldn't find the word in the dictionary.
I'm not really interested, but thanks anyway.
You're not very intimidating.
I bet most people would agree with you.
This is a meme.
The young boys laughed at the old man.
It's rude to insult people.
I disagree with basically everything he says.
We have next to nothing in common.
I keep a flashlight in my glove compartment.
Do you have a spare tire?
Send me a friend request.
My last undergraduate semester is over.
You've touched on an important issue.
These words don't mean the same thing.
Her son is patient.
Their brother is kind.
My teacher is smart.
My friend is talkative.
My sister is annoying.
Their car is red.
I like your advice.
That sort of thing is very common here.
A lot of people do that here.
It's not really considered polite, but people won't judge you for doing it.
It's common to greet single women with two kisses here.
Is it acceptable to be late for meetings in your country?
Try your best to be on time.
People generally greet each other by shaking hands in my country.
Do you wear jeans to work?
Is your company's dress code strict?
Do they allow you to wear jeans to the office?
My boss is really strict.
Do you enjoy living there?
I'm into computers.
My friend is obsessed with computers.
If you don't know what you're doing, leave it alone.
Bring some money.
Bring an umbrella.
What am I forgetting?
Did I lock the front door?
Did I leave the water running?
What happened to his face?
Did I leave the hall light on?
Do you mind if we search your vehicle?
Just take a seat right here.
You're not under arrest.
I'm just going to ask you some questions.
Your license is suspended.
Put your hands behind your back.
It's better not to use rhyme than to use hackneyed rhyme.
I've written a few haiku in Toki Pona.
Actually, this is the afterlife.
There's still food in your bowl!
There's still food in your bowl, Cookie.
She's asleep.
You're over the legal limit.
You're under the legal limit.
You need to ask for permission.
Let well enough alone!
That was wild.
There is life on millions of other planets, but only in the form of kangaroos.
Privacy is a basic human right.
Privacy isn't valued equally by all cultures.
That's not Neptune.
Somali has over 18 million native speakers.
Can you drink distilled water?
The instructions recommend that you only use distilled water in this iron.
We're rivals.
There isn't as much of a need for work as there used to be, and much of the work that exists is pointless.
I pretended not to see him.
It was a fierce battle.
I'm not all that interested in the details.
The order was obeyed.
Stop spying on me.
The trachea, or windpipe, is a cylindrical tube extending from the lower part of the larynx to where it divides into the bronchi.
Try using bleach.
Let's go through it in detail.
I didn't understand this part.
I seem to remember giving you my advice on this.
The early fig grows under the leaf.
It is better to let well alone.
You can see the filament inside the light bulb.
Can you answer the question?
Would you mind answering the question?
I'm only going to ask you once.
Do you mind if we search your car?
I want to exercise my right to remain silent.
Can I speak to a lawyer?
Can I speak to my lawyer?
Why am I being handcuffed?
Do you know why I stopped you?
When is she leaving?
When are you guys going to watch the movie?
Where do you guys want to go?
There's life after trauma.
A wizard did it.
I was pulled into the free software vortex and have never escaped.
The domineering man pulls everyone into his vortex.
If you leave that there, someone might trip over it.
If you run into a problem, just give me a call.
Are they coming back?
Nobody knows her name.
Nobody knows what's inside the box.
I'm sorry, did I ask you?
Mine are the best.
It's hard to find clothes in my size.
Do you know why I pulled you over?
I really miss my ex.
It can have a lot of interpretations.
It sounds wrong to me.
This might be said to a domestic animal.
People say it often enough.
It makes perfect sense to me.
I changed the English sentence.
I changed the French sentence.
My daddy issues have nothing to do with my politics!
I've asked you several times to leave.
If you don't get out of my store, I'm going to have to call the cops.
I'd like to use these coupons.
I would like to speak with your manager.
He's going to spend the rest of his life in jail.
He's going to spend the rest of his life behind bars.
I decided to interpret your remark in the most literal way possible.
Kabylia is called "Tamurt n Leqbayel" in Kabyle.
Catalonia is called "Catalunya" in Catalan.
Wales is called "Cymru" in Welsh.
Cornwall is called "Kernow" in Cornish.
I'm sorry for snapping at you.
I didn't know paddles were still used as recently as the early 80s.
I was in the wrong.
Can cats have vegan cheese?
Can cats have vegan yogurt?
It's going to be miserable today.
Until that day we had spoken only through intermediaries.
Why was the king only a foot tall? Because he was a ruler.
Things don't have to go back to the way they were.
That's a very inconvenient place for you to lie, Cookie.
Centipedes can have between 30 and 354 legs.
You're a robot, aren't you?
Ahead, you'll find the Department of Redundancy Department straight ahead.
My cat quacks.
Cookie is upset that people don't pay more attention to her.
Cookie demands attention.
Cookie is always hungry.
Cookie! Get out of there!
It was aliens.
Generalizations are always wrong.
"I was really asking myself whether it was bacon or pork," as Michel Rocard said.
Cookie is neglected.
I was just asking to be polite.
I was just making conversation.
I didn't say it on purpose.
The cat came to cuddle.
My cats love me.
I don't want to watch that.
I'm feeling nostalgic.
Cookie needs to go out.
I can't tell you if the use of force in Iraq today would last five days, or five weeks, or five months, but it certainly isn't going to last any longer than that.
You don't need to apologize for that.
If you're not a polyglot, be quiet!
If you're not a polyglot, shut up!
Shut up, fascist.
I like your tail.
My teacher accused me of plagiarism.
The clothes aren't dry.
The clothes are wet.
The lock's broken.
I need to ask my mom.
The pen is in the box.
The bottle is in the fridge.
The book is on my desk.
My laptop is on my bed.
The porch light is on.
Our hubcaps were stolen.
Does the car have power steering?
It was just a fender bender.
I get a discount here.
I have an employee discount.
My neighbor is a realtor.
My boss is a very busy man.
I never see my boss.
It's not entirely legal.
No loitering.
Your work is fantastic.
Can I take a picture with you?
Stop copying me.
Go play outside.
Lock all the doors.
That was a meaningless argument.
Come back when you have a warrant.
I'll respond to that later.
The computer is on.
Do you have a buyer?
Has it been appraised?
Do what you love.
Is this a cover?
The security guard asked to see my receipt.
People overcomplicate things.
The rope was long.
The hall was dimly lit.
I think they just woke up.
Do you have permission to be doing that?
I don't agree with it either, but rules are rules.
Is that a legal move?
I don't understand the rules completely.
I don't totally understand the rules.
Throw it all out.
Everything needs to be cleared out of this room.
Are you trying to upset me?
Why won't you apologize?
Why do you insist on being right all the time?
Get rid of it.
Get rid of all of it.
I don't like it either, but that's just the way the system works.
Unfortunately, there's nothing we can do to change it.
Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?
Do you want to trade?
The tea is too strong.
It was completely pointless.
Talk some sense into him.
The first Pride was a riot.
I heard a commotion upstairs.
I heard a pop and saw a bright flash.
People were trying to break in.
Someone was trying to break in.
Some people were trying to get inside.
I looked out the window, but I couldn't get a clear view of what was happening.
People were screaming.
There was a lot of commotion.
My cough has gotten worse.
Do you have any ice?
I need a couple ice cubes.
The ice is quickly melting.
It's frozen solid.
I couldn't tell what was going on.
People were running in different directions.
Everybody stopped to see what had happened.
We know you did it.
I think someone took my bag.
Where did you see it last?
Maybe you left it on your desk.
Maybe you left it in your room.
I had some cash, my credit cards, and my driver's license in my wallet.
I'd like to cancel my subscription.
I like their service, but I just can't afford it.
It wasn't all that entertaining.
You'll have to call tech support.
They're working on the problem.
They said they'll get it fixed by the end of the day.
The problem was on their end.
The problem was on my end.
I can't get through to anyone.
That's a tautology.
My account was suspended.
Call an electrician.
I couldn't get into my car because people had parked really close on both sides.
I couldn't get out of the parking space because I was blocked in.
I couldn't see anything because the lights were off.
I couldn't put my old pants on because they were too small.
I can't buy anything because I don't have any money.
I can't buy anything until my paycheck comes in.
I can't drive anywhere because my car's out of gas.
I can't fall asleep with the lights on.
I'm having trouble sleeping because I drank a lot of coffee.
I didn't look, because I was afraid of what I might see.
The door was locked, so I couldn't open it.
It was a really tragic story.
It was a total loss.
I know a good mechanic.
There are different theories, but to this day nobody knows why he did what he did.
The code has yet to be deciphered.
Your tea's getting cold.
I was being paid to say that.
You framed me.
Are the cameras rolling?
I don't know what you guys think I did, but I didn't do anything.
The car's a rental.
It's a rental car.
The topic is really interesting, but it's hard to discuss.
It's a difficult topic to discuss.
What kind of plug is this?
What do you use this thing for?
Some parts were missing.
The instructions weren't clear.
Put some elbow grease into it.
Could you identify him in a lineup?
I couldn't get off work to come.
I'll make it next time.
I'll be there. I promise.
You may rely on her.
Unicorns use quintessence for magical purposes.
It's a misnomer.
"Koala bear" is a misnomer, since koalas aren't bears.
Parry, then strike.
In fact, I don't like America.
America was a mistake.
July is named after Julius Caesar.
August is named after Augustus.
December used to be the tenth month.
September used to be the seventh month.
Yes, I'm insane.
If you enjoyed this video, be sure to like and subscribe.
America is an illegitimate state.
Continents are social constructs.
Dogs have long snouts.
That sounds really interesting, actually.
I dropped the pen on the ground.
I put the notebook in my backpack.
Are the doors unlocked?
Are the windows open?
Is it flammable?
Is it intact?
Cookie already ate.
I wanted you to be there.
You're a great employee.
You're a hard worker.
Smash it.
Take all of these boxes outside.
Clean up after you're done.
Try to get it done soon.
Were there a lot of people at the party?
It's usually the other way around.
It's not a common sight.
You can do whatever you want with it.
It's yours now.
Cookie is a long-haired cat.
Cookie is a golden retriever.
Cookie is a St. Bernard.
What's your mortgage payment?
I can't afford that right now.
I'm trying to save up some money.
I'm trying to live within my means.
I'm trying to pay off my loans.
Let go of that.
That doesn't sound healthy.
Do you need these papers?
Do you need these old receipts?
I'm going to throw it out.
Do whatever it takes to get it done.
Once again, with gusto!
I noticed a large protrusion from the wall.
You'll only see them in the uppermost canopy.
I could only come up with hackneyed lines.
Mr. Jackson is an avaricious old man.
Sorry I apologize so much.
I don't have anything to add.
Put the car in reverse.
Are these complimentary?
The story was captivating.
Usually the behaviors deemed normal aren't the problem, only the fact that they are deemed normal and all of society is judged by adherence or non-adherence to them.
The reality we can describe isn't reality as such, since it is filtered through our senses, minds, and languages.
There is a physical reality, but we must be skeptical of our knowledge of it.
Catalan isn't a dialect of Castillian.
Occitan isn't a dialect of French.
Occitan speakers have a right to keep their language and culture.
Castillian speakers renamed their language "Spanish" and declared all the other languages in Spain "dialects."
The mistakes of the past don't have to be repeated.
I think you misspoke.
I'm not going to answer your question.
The captain is a narcissist.
The arsonist is a narcissist.
Let's retrace our steps.
The job never ends.
Even if I happen to be contradicted, I said it and swore it.
They don't satisfy me at all.
When the knees sway, it is the feet that clink.
Flip the patties with a spatula.
I'm a wolf.
I'm not OK with that.
Nobody asked for my opinion.
I decided to tell him anyway.
I decided to call you.
I removed the sticker.
I took the sticker off.
I haven't missed a single day.
It's part of my morning routine.
It rolled under the couch.
Check in between the cushions.
Log out and log back in.
You're not allowed to record here.
Please turn off the camera.
I'm trying to be friendly.
Don't run off.
Cut the cord.
Wind the video back.
I didn't stick around.
I'll get dressed in a second.
Use a glue stick.
Tape it back together.
I turned the radio off.
I went to the post office to send a package.
I went to the post office to buy some stamps.
I didn't mean to break it.
"I ate too much and I feel bloated." "First world problems."
I'd like to be reincarnated as a dolphin.
Is Cookie a turtle or a tortoise?
Cookie doesn't like it when you grab her toe beans.
Mussolini did not make the trains run on time.
I'm going to try that.
I don't do that stuff anymore.
I don't even do that stuff anymore.
The babka is on its way.
Dice the onions.
Wrap it up.
Wipe it off.
Check the answer key.
I'm practicing.
I'm going to need some help with the project.
Do you think you could help me out?
We'll get started in a moment.
Please excuse the delay.
Can you hear me clearly?
You didn't tell me you were filming.
Let's give it another try.
There's no easy solution.
We're going to have to keep working on it.
I bookmarked the page.
I copied the link.
I opened the link.
I clicked on the link.
There might be an issue with the connection.
I'm a determinist.
Everything is predetermined.
Empty it out.
I'm reloading.
Where's the safe?
Do your worst.
The Bolsheviks outlawed unions and strikes.
The Bolsheviks disempowered the workers' councils, replacing them with direct Bolshevik rule under the veneer of council rule.
Cookie hissed.
Cookie growled.
Cookie doesn't like it when people do that.
Cookie let out a long, loud squeak.
I don't live on Park Street.
I don't think Esperanto is a cult, no.
We won't be able to find you another lawyer.
Why didn't you wash your plate?
You didn't wash your plate.
I'm obviously a cat.
She's just like us.
I didn't fall in love with you the moment I saw you, but only much later.
Skip that section.
He's not a thief.
She's not a thief.
I skipped the introduction.
Skip the introduction.
We can't stop at every rest stop.
I regret wasting my time on that.
That film was terrible.
It was a huge waste of time.
Have at it.
My books are in my locker.
Are you proud of where you come from?
Are you proud of your country?
Did the payment go through?
Has the payment gone through?
I built a shed.
You dropped this.
The book is really dense.
The book has some interesting illustrations.
We need an expert.
I couldn't make out what they were saying.
Set your clock back.
Your shirt is on backwards.
I'm making good progress.
I fell behind a little.
The video is grainy.
I think it's broken.
There's some paint in the garage.
I keep my tools in the garage.
It's in the attic.
Take it apart.
Put it back together.
The wheel came off.
It's unstable.
Fasten it.
The monitor stopped working.
That happened to a friend of mine.
I loved him, I think.
Some things just don't make any sense.
That was over a decade ago.
She's a queen.
He's a queen.
It's hidden.
I'm pretty sure that's against the law.
The product was damaged.
I tried to fix it.
We will need to replace the front bumper.
Can you give me a brief overview?
We gave a quick overview of our findings.
You can quiz me.
Quiz me.
We had a pop quiz.
The quiz was really easy.
Our curriculum is comprehensive.
The curriculum needs to be updated.
Try to get more exposure to your target language.
Are you eligible to vote?
I was in turmoil.
That's a fringe theory.
This coupon can only be redeemed in-store.
The perimeter has been breached.
In case my last text wasn't clear enough, I'm breaking up with you.
The jury was sequestered.
The boat drifted away.
I don't exist.
It's not atypical.
Let's get you dressed.
Scour the pan.
The painting is in an ornate frame.
Don't exacerbate the problem.
The harsh weather exacerbated his illness.
"Do you mind if we ask you a few questions?" "Ask away."
I'm hauling produce.
The video cameras are mainly there to deter thieves.
No, I'm not going to smell your armpit.
The empire was dismantled.
These are dark times.
It's a scientific breakthrough.
We could use your input.
Input your name.
Input your email address.
Thanks for the valuable input.
We decided to drive there on a whim.
We're running out of provisions.
We need to understand the scope of the problem.
That goes beyond the scope of our lesson.
That goes beyond the scope of this course.
Give me some incentive.
I like to highlight important quotes while reading.
I only watched the highlights.
I only watched the highlight reel.
Do you have a highlighter I can borrow?
I always buy in bulk.
This store sells everything in bulk.
These pills won't cure you, but they might alleviate the pain.
Our plans fell through.
The K9 unit was deployed.
Check the itinerary.
This valve needs to be replaced.
This valve is broken.
This was a very prevalent issue at the time.
This issue was much more prevalent back then.
Where I come from, that's just common courtesy.
Do you like ale?
What's the difference between ale and lager?
Do you have any wine coolers?
"I hate this song!" "Then why are you dancing?"
I just want to remind you that this wasn't my idea.
It was pure incompetence on my part.
Smoke more.
We're cat moms.
Cookie is stretched out on my desk.
I've been feeling weak.
If no one has told you they love you today, I love you.
You make the world better by being in it.
Is that a Berber language?
I like mushrooms.
Have all Berber languages been influenced by Punic?
Your name sounds like a swear word in my native language.
I don't want to be on the same team as you.
You don't know me or what I'm capable of.
I have as much right as anyone to be here.
I'm going to have to ask you to get off my property.
Is there a leak?
What are we having?
I've never tried maple syrup.
Is it vegan?
French is a Romance language.
Unfortunately, neither of them are alive anymore.
Unfortunately, I never got to meet them.
Nobody's forcing you to stay here.
Censorship is not always a bad thing.
I'm not worth it.
When I was growing up, everyone in my family had to share the same computer.
My cat likes to chase the mouse cursor.
I don't need to take care of myself.
I'll have to check with my manager.
If you leave any leftovers in the fridge, your brother will eat them by the time we wake up.
Is your brother planning on getting a job anytime soon?
Our children are the apple of our eye.
If the device is not connected to the internet, the date and time settings will have to be manually input.
The suspect slipped and impaled himself while attempting to climb over a wrought iron fence.
What makes a good mystery story?
The cat loves meat.
So little water, it's really a trickle.
When I cough twice, that's your cue to come into the room.
Just read the cue cards.
Feel the rhythm.
Anything we have, we can lose.
I could get in trouble for talking to you.
There is no wheat that I have not ground.
I can't take on any more projects right now.
If you come across a word you don't know while reading, look up its definition in the dictionary.
When a cat or dog licks you, it's their equivalent of petting you.
That cat is like a puppy.
That word's not in the dictionary.
I think the deck is missing a few cards.
That sounds like a waste of money.
Don't tell anyone you saw me here.
If they see us talking to each other, we could get in a lot of trouble.
You sound insane.
"Nobody believes that." "Well, almost nobody."
My cat Cookie is a dog at heart.
Can you get COVID twice?
Why would you say that unless you were just trying to be contrarian?
My favorite Yiddish neologism is "faktazye" for science fiction, a portmanteau of the words for "fact" and "fantasy."
You're a cat, Cookie.
You're delusional if you really believe that.
Have a burger!
It was 23 dollars.
I don't get it; what does BDSM have to do with Ben & Jerry's?
I can't find my prazosin.
Copyright isn't legitimate.
What's the interest rate?
I read your tweet.
I can't get into specifics at the moment.
My enemies are conspiring against me.
I don't care if you shun me.
The event was a public relations disaster.
You're way out of line, buddy.
That's anecdotal evidence.
That book isn't nonfiction; it's historical fiction.
When I'll give you my hand, please don't point your elbow!
This life is intentionally left blank.
I got sand in more orifices than I knew I had.
Experts say any contact with a fluid containing the Ebola virus could cause infection, especially if it occurs at an orifice or wound that would provide entry into the bloodstream.
When's the cutoff for the summer issue?
Fidel is a natural leader in bed.
The country has sunk to a point of no return.
Dude, trust me.
Nobody swims in the lagoon because it's filthy.
If you cut off one of its heads, two more will grow back in its place.
Dragons are real.
Cookie isn't my pet cat; I'm Cookie's pet human.
He's an utterly gorgeous man.
Which way do I go to get to Canada?
Where's the bridge to Canada?
We can't be silent anymore.
What will you look like when you get old?
What will you look like when you get older?
Where did he get so much money from?
I've never seen them in concert.
He looks like a certain guy I know.
Languages don't devolve into dialects from a pure state; rather, standards are created out of dialects.
"Just get over it." "I would if I could."
"Just get over it." "I would if it were that simple."
We are in expectancy of which event could happen yet.
We do not know which foot to dance on.
Can you turn the fan on?
Can I take your plate?
Are you finished with your plate?
Watch out for the cat.
Don't kick the cat.
Maybe we could try doing more.
The windshield was covered in rime.
The part of a syllable after the onset is called the rime.
The nucleus and optional coda of a syllable are called the rime.
The rime consists of the vowel and any final consonants of a syllable.
It's a garish dress she's got on.
Where do you find tungsten ore?
If you don't get off here, you'll have to get on the turnpike.
There's a highway you can take with no tolls that's just as quick as the turnpike.
The Senate is expected to adjourn later this week, leaving weighty issues unaddressed and major legislation in limbo.
Why would you put meat in jello?
Sleeping hasn't been one of my issues lately.
Paleo-Hebrew is a writing system, not a language.
Porajmos comes from the Romani word for devouring.
Stay weird.
Your punishment is stayed pending appeal.
No language is superior to any other.
There need to be more vegan fast food restaurants.
I have a thing for fast food.
"Are you crazy?" "Yes."
Don't step on the snake.
Hebrew achieved its present form during the lifetime of Ancient Hebrew.
"I have two cats." "Congratulations!"
If you'd been where I've been and seen what I've seen, you'd feel the same way.
I figured out what I did wrong last time.
I think I could do it this time.
I think it would work this time.
Cookie curled up between my legs.
At the time, I had never heard of him.
We're trying to cut back on overhead expenses.
Traditionally, the patty goes between the hamburger buns.
You did pretty well for a first-timer.
What muscles do squats target?
You need to work on your squat form.
The previous tenants were evicted.
I saw an inchworm.
Every empire falls.
The water was tepid.
I'm making a red sauce.
Is the green curry vegan?
When a cat's tail is in the shape of a question mark, it usually means they want to play.
When a cat is facing the wall, it means they want to be left alone.
Cats understandably don't like to be in situations they can't escape from.
I grew up with dogs and I still love them, but nowadays I'm a cat person.
Cats love boxes.
Once you turn 16, you can get your learner's permit.
"Do you have a driver's license?" "No, but I have a learner's permit."
I only use pens, but I still have a pencil sharpener in my backpack for some reason.
One of the benefits of using mechanical pencils is that you don't need to use a pencil sharpener.
That medication isn't sold over the counter.
I've wanted Andrew Cuomo to resign since 2016, and today I got my wish.
Of course we have a lightning rod.
My dog Cookie understands French and English commands.
My parrot Cookie speaks French and English.
I don't condone the actions of that country, but nor am I okay with historical erasure for any reason.
Do you want me to just always tell you what you want to hear?
Stow your carry-on luggage in the overhead compartments.
The weights were so heavy that the barbell started to bend.
Get a job, you moocher!
Are you looking for criticism or validation?
Do you want feedback?
I had two teeth pulled.
You're a filthy degenerate.
My dog Cookie is a vegan.
Where did you get that spatula?
They don't just sell spatulas there, do they?
What did you do with the spatula?
Where do you keep the spatula?
There is no dearth of good will, only of courage.
We found Cookie.
You could get in trouble for doing that.
Do you recognize any of these men?
Pick a film.
It looks like there's nothing there.
Are you breaking out?
I've been eating a lot of mushrooms lately.
Cookie's a good pupper.
What's that on your arm? Are you breaking out?
The list was handwritten.
I can't make out what letter this is supposed to be.
Your handwriting is terrible.
We'll be in touch with you soon.
Send me a copy of the report.
Initial here.
If the apple never falls far from the tree, explain dogs and wolves.
I won't say more.
"What's up, Cookie?" "Meow." "You always say that."
2021 is an anagram of 2012.
We have an animal mind and a rational mind, and the animal mind is the one with the operating system installed on it.
People aren't rational.
A bulbous man sat at a table in the corner.
He has a bulbous member.
"What's that bulbous thing?" "It's a bulb."
Our gym teacher was a bulbous man.
Pears are bulbous.
A bulbous man and a rail-thin man ate happily at a table in the corner, and you could tell they were a couple.
Two bulbous women were kissing on a park bench.
With enough money, it's a simple matter to find and work the most pliable politicians.
I really dream of such a tree in my garden.
In fact, I dream of such a tree in my garden.
The curse still haunts us!
The curse still pursues us!
There's a typo on slide 3.
I was swimming in an ocean of sweat. I just emerged.
Free Kabylia!
I told you where to go.
It's no longer moving.
I couldn't find where it was.
I live far away from here.
Can you drop me off here?
My feet are warm.
Hand me the scissors.
I'm taking your wallet.
The book is dusty.
We weren't very close.
And they succeeded so well that in three or four hundred years they had changed the very face of Europe.
Some people have to stop saying words that add pain, what is called insipid chatter.
Up ahead is the nexus between our two universes.
There's a cave on the promontory.
Your artless attempt at a treatise is more like a diatribe.
Ow! My neck!
That's cursed.
That necklace is cursed.
That image is cursed.
I'm not sure the last paragraph is necessary.
Try rewriting this in the third person.
If you get sidetracked, bring yourself back as soon as you notice it.
Don't judge yourself for getting sidetracked.
I hate bureaucracy.
There are dragons there.
Where are you at?
You don't speak French.
Cookie, you wanna go outside?
Is there a way for my program to find out if it's caught in an infinite loop?
I've always been crazy.
My first monitor was monochrome.
That sticker is covering the reflector.
What people call "decolonization" is often anything but.
I don't agree with Ted Kaczynski.
Finnish and Hungarian are related.
I wish I had a tail.
"Meow," said the cat.
"I'm going to Canada, but I'm worried my French isn't good enough." "Where are you going?" "Toronto." "You speak English. You'll be fine."
I love cities, but I hate driving in them.
I love cuddling.
The French doesn't quite say the same thing as the English.
French is a widely-spoken language.
I can't pronounce French well.
The word "Cajun" comes from "Acadian," one of North America's French-speaking communities.
Take your medication.
It's time to take your medication.
I fixed it for you.
Your keyboard is filthy.
I'm not going to read that.
We will not be leaving, neither there nor anywhere else.
R&B stands for "rhythm and blues."
You have no sense of rhythm.
Following the rules was a constraint on my creativity.
These economic constraints are being artificially imposed.
Utility payments are higher in the winter.
The willow has leaned towards the basin to glean a drop of water but found nothing there.
I love having a car, but I hate driving.
We're going to get coffee.
Nobody told us what to do.
"Do you recognize this man?" "No, I don't."
I'm thinking of taking some time off.
I'd like to spend some more time with my family.
It's been a while since we went to see your parents.
Why don't we drive up there?
I went for a drive to clear my head.
My buddy's looking for a ride to Boston.
Where did you say you were going?
I think the batteries need to be replaced.
Send it back.
I really need your help on this one.
I could really use a helping hand.
I built this place from the ground up.
Don't stop now! You're almost at the finish line.
You've got one minute. Impress me.
I could get you kicked out of here.
I can't afford an expensive apartment.
The cord isn't long enough.
Buy me the red one.
It was raining pretty hard.
You've got nowhere to hide.
I can see you hiding behind the curtain.
I doubt you'd be able to help.
You never signed the agreement.
A better world is possible.
We're going to need to do board-level repairs.
None of it is true.
I was told there would be free food.
I only came for the free food.
Someone's trying to steal your motorcycle.
I know what I saw and you can't convince me otherwise.
Do I need some kind of permit?
If you're not here within five minutes, the deal is off.
I'm still trying to figure out what went wrong.
I want to check the status of my order.
We have to send the samples in for testing.
Everybody knows what to do on his way.
My sweet tooth got the better of me.
This refers to circuit boards.
This is an ancient meme.
You could say both, I think.
Al-Tabari lived in the 9th and 10th centuries.
"Thanks for tolerating me." "There's nothing to tolerate; we're better for having you here."
I wonder whether my knowledge is incomplete.
I changed the French sentence; please check the English to see if it still matches.
Congratulations on finding your true self.
People like attention.
Five squared is twenty-five.
Eight squared is sixty-four.
The worst-case scenario may not be the most likely, but it can always happen.
Maoism isn't leftism.
Stalinism is racism.
Pastafarianism is the only true religion.
Judaism is an endless string of questions.
Difficult questions are better than bad answers.
Isaac, get the golem.
I want to contribute to a charitable cause.
The good people will pay for the bad.
They never left to be told that they came back.
Sir, this is an Arby's.
You're a silly kitty.
It's cheaper than smoking.
That's specious reasoning.
A cat wrote this.
It's better to have the days ahead than behind you.
There are plenty of weirdos.
Worse is better.
When I look back on my life, it's kind of sad.
I think most of what I did felt right to me at the time.
I don't know if there's such a thing as a normal life, but if there is, I certainly haven't had one.
It was a terrible joke.
My humor can be really dry.
I've seen similar statements.
I would love to hear it.
I've felt this way a lot.
On the surface, it looks perfect to me.
Would this work in French?
We found it in a nondescript box in the attic.
The two of us are friends.
Do you feel safe?
Will you be safe until the next time I see you?
Most of my dreams are bad.
I told him to stop, but he kept doing it.
I said the safe word, but she didn't stop.
I witnessed a terrible accident when I was 17.
He wouldn't let me sleep unless I got him off.
It's archaic.
That's a very old-fashioned way of saying that.
I don't think that's why I do it.
I've done the best I could.
My cat loves licking people.
I know that I do not master the writing of Kabyle, but I never hesitate to share my knowledge, even if it is a trifle.
Don't talk to cops.
People lie.
"He said he was going to save the world!" "People lie."
Judeo-Tat is separate from Judeo-Persian.
There are several living dialects of Judeo-Aramaic.
Languages are dialects and dialects are languages.
"I'm a ger." "What's a ger?" "A convert to Judaism."
Adam is Druze.
Just keep focusing on your job and working hard.
I'm not actually from Australia.
Socialism means a lot of different things to a lot of different people.
That doesn't look very stable.
I'm not going over there.
I'm not going in there.
I'll stay here and watch.
You can't make me go in there.
What if you fall?
My calls keep going to voicemail.
Why do people do it?
I used to be fairly social.
It's completely compromised.
I'm not a lab rat.
That was smart of you.
I would never have agreed to that.
There's more to Stoicism than Marcus Aurelius and Epictetus.
Do you even believe what you're saying?
I'm just following the argument to its logical conclusion.
Nothing he said was irrational or wrong.
Unwed couples deserve visitation rights just as much as married ones do.
That's a pejorative term.
His revulsion was obvious.
I'd only like a sliver, please.
I'll take a sliver of the cake.
He told his men not to raze the city.
Since it's Throwback Thursday, here's a song you might remember from the 90s.
Feel free to take some of my mulch.
This vegetable medley is really good.
One day I, too, would like to be a mean old hag.
Is this your first foray into magic?
Serif fonts are prettier, but sans-serif fonts are easier to read.
I used a stencil to make this.
They're a cult.
We started a community pantry.
I put it here to hide it from the cats.
It's adorable!
Let's get started on our work.
Let's get started on that project.
Misfortune and devastation always go hand in hand.
There's no French equivalent of this word.
I'm tired of life.
There's so much left to do in my life.
Do squirrels eat conkers?
It's a hate group.
I wasn't born on Earth.
That's wild.
Too bad if you do not exist, nor do you free yourself!
We don't know whether to laugh or cry.
We're all materialists here.
You're not from Earth, are you?
Fall is here.
I love the first few days of fall.
I don't know if I can justify it.
I think Cookie is allergic to humans.
Siwi is the easternmost of the Berber languages.
You inspired me.
"I love your outfit!" "You inspired me."
So true.
Superman won every gold medal.
No, the seats weren't leather.
Suffering doesn't make people better.
They only gave me a spork to eat it with.
Don't squish Cookie's beans!
I need more sleep.
What's Facebook?
I don't constantly regret it anymore.
Australopithecus was an ancestor of humans.
Empathizing with yourself is one of the hardest things.
What would you say to someone else in your situation?
Free Britney!
The Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact wasn't just a non-aggression pact.
Take what you need and give what you can.
"Would you like a bagel?" "I'd love a bagel."
The font is too large.
The font is too small.
Can we change the font?
I wrote an essay.
Does the paper need to be double spaced?
I underlined the most important words.
I underlined all the words I didn't know.
The most important words are in bold.
I'll let you know by this evening at the latest.
Swing by my place on the way back.
I'll just be a second.
We got a little carried away.
There is no reason to cull pigs right now.
Add the contents of the vial to 200 milliliters of water.
Look for signs of decomposition.
The whip left welts on my back.
That cult makes people believe things that are anathema to them.
You may need a supplementary dose after six months.
Tentacles are appendages.
You're not immune to the virus.
I'm not immune to flattery.
That's an exaggeration.
That's a tall tale.
Let this be a lesson to you.
He thinks he's important.
This doesn't match the French sentence.
Say that again!
Even the worst examples of "cancel culture" don't come close to a fraction of the evils of the Inquisition.
It feels like my hand is being split in half.
The cat has many complaints.
It's a snake.
If I meant that, I would've said it.
Things that seem impossible can be overcome with persistence.
Can you pick me up at 3?
This work is licensed under a CC BY 4.0 license.
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license.
I don't want to hear any more of that mumbo jumbo.
My muscles ache.
I've been making great progress in not looking at myself that way.
Let me know which of these you want.
Remember to correct the typo in the French version.
The left is abandoning issues like this entirely out of timidity, avoidance of impurity, or some other reason.
I can learn this job.
I don't need to be perfect the moment I start the job.
We helped people.
We did good things for others and for ourselves.
She had many of the same problems I do.
I was wondering if this was grammatically correct.
Head north on Park Street.
Turn left onto Park Street.
You might like this one.
Someone asked me for French help.
You're a native speaker, so your opinion is very important.
I didn't know his name, just his Twitter handle.
I'm exhausted from today.
I know someone looking for a French teacher.
Let me know if you sign up at any point.
Some of the exchanges I've found myself in have been bad for my mental health.
I've been in therapy for as long as I had been alive when I started therapy.
They still do it, don't they?
A lot of companies will do that nowadays.
Oh, awesome.
The puns were so great.
I'll try to pay more attention.
Sand cats are adorable.
I don't like quality.
Keep in mind that I am not a linguist.
Thank you for your work, by the way.
This was going to be a text, but it ended up being so long that I decided to send it as an email.
I've only been able to view three pages of this, but it still paints a very interesting picture.
I might make more of an effort to learn it.
My Esperanto is considerably better than my Hebrew.
My French is considerably better than my English.
Please let me know if there is anything I can do to help.
I have a lot of free time to use this site.
Additionally, if there is anything else I can do, I am more than happy to.
These seem to cross the line to me.
My car got broken into.
The money was stolen.
The property was stolen.
The vehicle was stolen.
The vehicle is stolen.
The gate was unlocked.
The car was unlocked.
The gate was locked.
Nobody was in the car.
Is the car ready?
It doesn't look expensive.
There's nothing in my wallet.
There isn't any money in my wallet.
Purism is pretentious.
Cats are hilariously rude.
I've struggled a lot with mental illness.
I live in Boston with a partner and three cats.
I live a fairly quiet life.
I'm trying to do more.
I learned French.
I do graphic design for some T-shirt sites.
That's the gist of it, I think.
Sloppy joes were a great idea.
Bacteria reproduce by fission.
Earth has a diameter of 12,742 kilometers.
Bezalel Smotrich is a fascist Member of Knesset.
I was studying French at the time.
I was learning French at the time.
I'm an anarchist.
Justice is an illusion.
Like and subscribe.
Don't forget to like and subscribe.
I'm a person of little means.
Space is scary.
Are cats capable of magic?
Space is cold.
It's entirely performative, if you ask me.
Humans are weird monkeys.
Why do antisemites always pretend they've read the Talmud?
Everyone helped each other out.
I don't like to draw attention to myself.
I think I'm on the ace spectrum.
We're on a collision course with Venus.
We're headed for Proxima Centauri.
Throw our prisoner out the airlock.
Give me your keys. You're staying over.
Take it for what it's worth.
I don't believe in the supernatural anymore.
Our robot is becoming self-aware.
We don't want a war.
Do you sing to your cat?
Wrap the gauze around the dressing.
Boston is in the Neponset River watershed.
That's not a common collocation in French.
There's nothing in there but putrid meat.
You forgot the closing parenthesis.
I wasn't questioning your virility.
Every seven years we let the land lie fallow.
I've got the flu.
I think I have the plague.
The wealthy have no heart; the good have no fortune.
Unfortunately, we're unable to accommodate your request.
The expiry date is printed under the bottle cap.
She filled the jug with orange juice.
I'm sweating like a pig.
Kahane wasn't right.
Kahane was wrong.
Ganovim-loshn was a Yiddish thieves' cant.
You have an abscess.
An emissary from a distant solar system has contacted us.
Where did these welts come from?
It's not the initial cost that worries me. It's the upkeep.
That dog looks like a cloud I saw once.
You call this art? It's just a splotch of paint on a canvas!
Free Hawaii!
You can say anything on the Internet.
There's no fact checking on social media.
This website is free.
She sinks her teeth into a juicy red apple.
No one has ever lied on the Internet.
I can't get it to work.
It's not your fault you have PTSD.
You can recover.
Recovery is possible.
Sometimes it's better to leave business unfinished.
Good people and bad people come from all religious backgrounds.
I am unable to answer this question for legal reasons.
She's your mom, isn't she?
Cats aren't as quick to trust as dogs are.
I'm going to have to reserve judgment on account of the paucity of information related to the subject.
Eliminate extraneous punctuation.
Hallo!
Rather than swearing off carnal pleasures, you may find it better to develop a healthy relationship with them.
Do you know what they plan to do if they win?
Don't cooperate with the police.
My views on the matter have changed.
I'm tired of being lied to.
That's disputed.
That's being disputed.
What's the difference between taxonomy and ontology?
I don't owe you my undying loyalty.
You can toggle on the dark theme in the hamburger menu.
I don't think he does it on purpose.
I wouldn't take it personally.
Lojban is cute.
I fell over a ledge of rock into a gully below.
I casually learned that my namesake was born on the nineteenth of January, 1813.
Cookie, get away from your sister! You know what "hiss" means. You're a native speaker.
My namesake was the wife of Isaac and mother of Jacob and Esau.
The Levites' namesake was one of the sons of Jacob and Leah.
Cats are persistent.
"Hyperbole" is a fancy way of saying "exaggeration."
Judaism and Samaritanism are ethnoreligions.
People have weird ideas.
Are you Romanian?
Are you guys Romanian?
Are Romanians Romans?
We had to put Cookie to sleep.
Anger is poisonous.
President Jackson ably dodged the reporters' questions.
Where did you put the sweeper?
They had to put Cookie to sleep.
We can't find Cookie.
Cookie was the best dog in the world.
The coffee isn't helping.
"It's free." "Libre or gratis?"
We owe most of our knowledge of the past to the work of scribes.
Cookie's litter box needs to be changed out.
Can you help me change out the litter?
Let me sing you the song of my people.
I used to be a nihilist.
The dinosaur was going round running riot.
I don't want to let go of my anger.
Hey, I am not a social justice warrior! I'm a social justice mage!
It's unfortunate that dogs and cats don't live as long as humans.
I tend to just block people like that.
There's no point in arguing with someone like that.
Hereditary Prince Alois is the regent of Liechtenstein.
Tor is an example of an overlay network.
Rest a few days, then you will come back.
"French has a certain, I don't know what it is..." "Je ne sais quoi?" "What?"
Italian had a significant influence on Ladino.
You've never even been to Boston.
It's not against the rules.
Thanks for the link you sent me.
Grab a cart.
Why don't you like fishing?
I'm usually busy around this time.
Today's been a pretty busy day.
"Why do you think things have to be this way?" "It's just human nature." "Citation needed."
It doesn't have to be genocide to be bad.
I think skunks are actually really cute.
Cookie likes to touch noses with me.
Has Cookie gone out?
If you're going to the park, take Cookie with you.
Cookie never uses the exercise wheel.
"Is Cookie a dog or a cat?" "She's a skunk."
I told you, but you wouldn't listen.
A skunk ate the food we left out for the stray cats.
Skunks are closely related to stink badgers.
Don't let on that you know.
My hands are freezing.
Want a sip?
Need a hand?
Got a light?
That's what they say.
I don't need to see any more.
If you see a skunk, don't try to scare it away.
I've managed to get some peace of mind.
Owls can prey on skunks because they have no sense of smell.
Please pay attention to me.
I'm not going to Boston anymore.
I'm not going to Boston this weekend.
Did you wake 'n bake?
When do you want to hit up the dispensary?
She was in a buoyant mood.
She ably handled the situation.
We were there under the aegis of Mr. Jackson.
I'm worried your carelessness will kneecap our chances of success.
That was the nadir of the worst years of my life.
We were only given infinitesimal doses.
The abusive priest was moved to a different diocese.
In the Late Roman Empire, a new grouping of provinces called a diocese was introduced.
Libre and gratis are two different things.
Love is what matters; everything else is extraneous.
Everything beyond food, water, and shelter is extraneous.
She asked if the two words were cognates.
There's a skunk on the porch.
I reckon he's in Boston by now.
Don't forget to let Cookie out.
I just rolled my eyes so hard, I fell out of my chair.
I don't like Thursdays.
Never play chess with a pigeon.
Happy Friday!
I'm being creaking like a bad door.
You are the one I warmed to, the day the frost froze me.
"Is this green?" "It's more of a teal."
If you think you are at the mercy of forces beyond your control, you have an external locus of control.
New York City is a microcosm of the world.
The problem is tractable.
John is of tertiary importance.
Most Buddhist monks are celibate.
Two geometric figures are congruent if they have the same shape and size.
Their statements were not congruent.
Are these triangles congruent?
There are a lot of languages like that.
Ailurolatry is the worship of cats.
I have endured so many misfortunes.
We have both pink and regular lemonade.
The Western Wall is one of the few remnants of the Temple in Jerusalem.
None of the pieces fit together.
Why did you say you were from Australia if you're from Boston?
You have the kind of mind for that.
The caliph Umar initially suggested that Kaʽb al-Aḥbār was imitating his former religion of Judaism by suggesting that a mosque be built over the Foundation Stone on the Temple Mount.
Judaism doesn't believe in perfect people.
Every single person in the Torah is flawed.
Everyone is imperfect, and that's OK.
Every religion, like every person, has brought good and bad things into the world.
You're such a victim.
People are allowed to judge you.
That sentence is fractally wrong.
Skunks are hungry critters.
This isn't my first rodeo.
Skunks only spray as a last resort.
XYZ.
I want to remove from my mind everything that idealizes civilization.
This usage isn't a sign of being uneducated but rather a remnant of an older form of the language.
Good point; thanks.
They mean the same thing.
You deserve happiness.
He gave his all.
He got rowdy.
Life has gone on its way, as usual.
Life went on its way, as usual. Life went on its way, unperturbed.
Are there crocodiles in Austria?
I filled the tank up.
I need a spare tire.
I got this used for surprisingly cheap.
Your lights are on.
Look at that sunset!
Do you need anything from the dollar store?
Do you need anything from the grocery store?
I need to get back to studying French.
I'll set it up when I'm back in Boston.
There's a lot I would do if I had the money.
They might not even be from Australia.
Switzerland has four co-official languages.
That reminds me of an ad that was common in Australia.
She was having trouble booting from the USB.
I'll be sleeping soon.
She's going to try rolling back an update.
It's a cliché to say the left is dogmatic, but the left works very hard for that reputation every day.
Does my revision help?
That part of it isn't important.
I don't mean to swamp you.
It's not a particularly brilliant revelation of mine.
I'll try looking for it.
That's apparently what people say in French, too.
Maybe it can be read other ways as well.
That's the kind of joke you'd make.
It doesn't have to be this way; I do believe that.
Getting back on Twitter was a mistake.
I need to stop and get gas.
Do you think you could drive? I'm feeling tired.
Can we stop at the next rest stop?
I'm going to stop at the next rest stop.
Grab the wheel.
Hey, grab the wheel.
These are word games.
The liver is in the upper right quadrant of the abdomen.
For years the people of Somalia have suffered from a seemingly unending cycle of war and famine.
Hey, can you grab the wheel?
I used to like to go to the lake.
I love monkeys.
A monkey ran out in front of our bus.
There were monkeys at the temple.
A pet monkey would be a lot of work.
I love to swim in Lake Erie.
My aunt and uncle have a boat on Lake Erie.
Aww! The kitty sneezed!
When we are well protected, we can only love the sound of the rain, whether heavy or light.
I heard shrill cries.
They are all the same!
The left is useless!
He parades with his tail.
We are all the same!
You are all the same!
If you want to fix the street, start by tidying up your room.
I make graphics, but I wouldn't call myself an artist.
I just sort of fell into this gig.
Standing on a rod, he has a cap on his head. It is found in winter, it disappears in summer. What's this ? It's an acorn.
The catgirl coughed up a hairball.
Citizenship in this country does not require the renunciation of other citizenships.
We are breaking our heads, and you take advantage of it; as much for you. You even deserve better!
I laughed really hard at this one.
Comparing "cancel culture" to the Inquisition is trivializing the Inquisition.
There was a nice day moon today.
I can't wait to try this new vegan ice cream.
You're high.
It is physically impossible to be born a man or a woman. You can only be born a boy or a girl.
Remind me to make a dentist's appointment.
Take the cushions off the couch.
The snow cushioned my fall.
There are some crazy people out there.
Can you get me across the border?
You're not worried, are you?
I know the money's hidden around here somewhere.
Delete all the messages I sent you.
Make sure the hard drives have been wiped clean.
Why don't you tell us what you really think?
That can't be proven.
There's no getting through to you.
If you're not willing to help, get out of my way.
I've been taking the pills, Doc, but the pain hasn't been getting any better.
Did you say your prayers?
You're not in trouble. We just want to talk to you.
Back away from the window.
The two buildings were pretty close together.
If it gets too intense, just let us know and we'll stop the experiment.
I get that, but you can't park here.
If you don't move your car, it's going to get towed.
I love you, my darling!
Let famine spread!
As long as we have strong legs. Where would you like us to go, friend?
We can not say it better!
That is well said!
The voices are talking to me again.
The voices are back.
We're going to have to wait.
We're going to have to wait until after the pandemic.
Maybe we could go up there.
Cookie has decided it's snuggle time.
The date isn't particularly important; it could be whenever.
I woke up to Cookie knocking my mouse onto me and meowing.
I'm in love with that teal gemstone.
It was bedlam at the airport.
Your admittedly impressive knowledge of helix geometry is of tertiary importance to our present goals.
There used to be a bar there.
May deep sleep engulf you, so that you rest from insomnia!
We're both nuts.
Time is a thief.
Cookie had four kittens, and Mittens is the one we kept.
You can put vinegar on your fries. I love doing so.
In the Netherlands they often put peanut sauce on their fries.
That place has good vegan poutine.
You put ketchup on your eggs?
We split a plate of vegan chili cheese fries.
Western New York isn't much different from the rest of the Rust Belt.
Cookie got excited when he heard the word "treat."
Happy New Year 2022/2972!
Do they sell champagne here?
Our world must be a satire of some other world.
I try not to drink too much caffeine.
The pop froze a little, so now it's like drinking a slushie.
Don't grow up. It's a trap.
Does anyone talk like that?
Does anyone still talk like that?
We the people are overwhelmed.
I picked some raspberries.
Raspberries are so delicious.
I'll answer that later.
I'm feeling weak.
Everything is spinning.
I tell you, these succulent persimmons taste like steak; in addition, they are from our region, from Mitidja.
I tried to reschedule but all I got was a voicemail.
There aren't any good psych wards around here.
You're not supposed to be up there.
You've survived everything in your life so far.
Good times fly by; bad times never end.
We don't have to waste our life in earning it.
“If you can't scratch yourself, no one can do it for you,” Ali Ideflawen says in his song “Mohand, my bud”.
The USSR was a dictatorship of the Bolsheviks, not of the proletariat.
Cookie is a pretty cat.
"English" is what is English, the English; it is also everything that speaks of the English people, English culture and everything that lives, was, is born in English country.
The cat licked its paws.
Are you copying and pasting these from somewhere?
"Pop" is one of the regional terms in the U.S. for a carbonated soft drink.
I used to go to a diner with my parents that would always offer vinegar with fries, and one day I tried it and loved it.
Wipe them out.
Little things add up.
It's not an all-or-nothing thing.
It makes sense that I would feel this way.
I don't write as much poetry anymore.
You wouldn't say that to anyone else, so why do you say it to yourself?
I've lived a life governed by a deep sense of shame.
Many people are saying this.
I've figured out the truth.
I've figured out the truth, and I'm willing to share it with you for a low, low cost.
It never ends.
I'm a unicorn.
Bruh, what?
That's a cute hat.
I love your purse.
There are many such cases.
Cats aren't very patient.
Do you want to leave soonish?
It's an accurate description.
Sufferance is the badge of all our tribe.
I love cats more than people.
Arm yourself.
Arm yourselves.
I have a surface-level knowledge of a lot of things.
You can't just do it!
You think it's easy!
It's easier said than done!
You see: sleep surprised me; moreover, I dreamed that I had lost my footing. So, go untie that, you!
I don't know what "je ne sais quoi" means.
There isn't only one right answer, but that doesn't mean there are no wrong answers.
I just remembered we have vegan nuggets.
What happened to you wasn't your fault.
I'm in the lot next to the place.
Can you retweet this?
Have you heard his latest remarks?
I had to look it up.
I'll try to do that next.
Demographers warn that by 2030, there will be one pensioner for every working person in Russia.
Due to its geography and demography, conquering Panjshir by force is considered extremely difficult.
I'm not paying attention because I'm writing.
The Lord interceded on my behalf.
I wasn't paying attention because I was writing.
This would contravene several articles of the Geneva Convention.
I'm the executor of her estate.
It's a bunch of tripe.
I haven't seen any vegan tripe, but I haven't really been looking, either.
My left arm hurts.
Did you get your COVID booster?
That's my favorite spaghetti western.
Please don't disturb me while I'm reading.
When cats slowly blink at you, it means they trust you. Slowly blink back at them!
When cats sleep near you, it means they like you. If they sleep on their back, it means they trust you a lot.
Putting your hand up to a cat and letting them decide whether to be pet will increase their trust. If they want to be pet, they will probably rub their cheek against your hand. If they don't, they will probably look away.
"You never used to say that." "I picked it up from my partner."
Cat communication is subtle.
Fascism is bad.
He doesn't like to be called that.
Do you say that here?
No one says that here.
I'll never understand it.
She doesn't wear dentures.
She wears dentures.
Do dogs and cats really not get along?
I don't have the Toki Pona Dictionary.
The ISO 639-3 code for Toki Pona is "tok."
It is our shared values that form the bedrock of a robust relationship across peoples and governments.
"Get that mongrel away from me!" "Her name is Cookie."
But this magnificent appellation was all she gained by her marriage.
There is no easy answer to this question.
We've got another nor'easter coming.
The shield you're looking for is in the crypt.
Cookie meowed, and I meowed back.
May the scourge of scarcity reach the haves!
Mercy! This Covid spared no one.
Our pack is so loaded.
We have suffered too much.
She spent the weekend with her paramour.
Are you really a wizard?
What are you basing this on?
That doesn't always work.
I used to be much friendlier.
Ladino is most similar to Castillian, but it also shares a lot of vocabulary with Portuguese and Italian.
Modern art is fine. I don't understand why people hate it so intensely.
Life makes no sense.
May he rest in peace.
That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.
Most species of kingfisher are found in tropical regions.
Kingfishers don't just eat fish.
Salvador Dali was kicked out of the surrealist movement.
Cats are too good for this world.
"You smoke weed?" "It's for my PTSD."
The movie leaked.
Marx and Engels weren't prophets.
Marx and Engels were prophets.
The works of Marx and Engels were never intended to become sacred texts, but were contributions to what they viewed as a science.
She has a masculine way of talking.
Our problem is with the Russian state, not the Russian people.
I guess that new era of international cooperation didn't quite work out.
Stalin was a monster.
I like that movie.
I haven't seen that movie in a while.
Purim and St. Patrick's Day fall on the same day this year.
I came here to laugh at you.
She doesn't really talk like that.
My voice does not sound like that!
The tabernacle was the predecessor of the Temple.
He was dressed in a minister's garb.
Social media leads to the amplification of once-fringe views, for better or worse.
The community underwent a schism.
Her verve stayed with her well into her old age.
I don't speak Klingon.
It was nothing personal.
I was thinking of adding that the other day.
"This is my cat, Cookie." "Awww, what an adorable kitty-cat!"
Cats are the mascot of the Internet.
I've never been to Hungary.
It has a chemical taste to it.
I had to give them the 411 on the situation.
Psych!
The personal is political.
“Long live the shadow! Eating comes after,” says the heat-stricken dog.
I pegged him as a Marxist-Leninist.
I guess that's what's important.
It's relatable; I'm the same way.
Oh, that's good.
I've never heard him do that.
I'll probably keep listening.
I do learn things, and I guess that's what's important.
I didn't know he was an anarchist.
I've come to trust them a lot more than I did for a while.
I'd like to pick it up again at some point.
I'd like to pick French up again at some point.
I applied to a job a week or two ago, but they had already found someone.
I got up early this morning, so I'm more tired than usual.
Lately I've been waking up late for me, at around nine in the morning.
I'm having trouble updating to the next version.
It's a bot.
It didn't say there were any updates.
Every right-wing accusation is a confession.
I'm not giving them my email address.
They could be right.
They could be right, but I remember otherwise.
I got it to work using my VPN.
The donation page doesn't allow you to say what it's for.
Did you figure out what was wrong?
The seeds can be added to porridge or soup.
That is a rumour that won't ever seem to go away.
She could not escape with her reputation intact.
Staple a note on the bag that says it's your lunch.
That will encourage radish leaf growth instead of root development.
They will relinquish power and dismantle the single-party state.
The longer you knead it, the finer the texture of the final product will be.
He or she has 30 days in which to invoke the protection of Section 37.9(g).
In 2015, Burundi's economy suffered from political turmoil, including street protests and an attempted coup.
The tube does not run to a strict timetable during the day.
Her face was distorted and malignant with menace.
Specialized instruments are used to uncover any hidden pockets of water.
I dread more the peril to my good name.
It will be impossible for the Left to hide its disdain for America.
It gives a food reward when your rat presses a lever.
This wood wallet is crafted from a single piece of walnut.
We used to always make brisket for Pesach.
They took the reed and smote him on the head.
The hydraulic cylinder was the main problem and was changed to a new one.
They were able to mitigate the problem by stopping sales.
Only one other species of moth, the Antheraea mylitta, also produces silk fiber.
Intermediate uveitis is often characterized by the sudden presence of floaters.
Happy Equinox!
The directors' style is far more different than similar, but there is certainly some overlap.
Put the books back where you found them.
We value fairness.
It's a very old picture.
"Is that you in the picture?" "It is." "It looks like a completely different person."
I don't think "all your base are belong to us" is a grammatically correct sentence.
It's fine if it works.
The more variables you have, the less predictable the results become.
If you like your cheeks so much, my dear, even the dog has them.
I'm quaking in my boots.
The jig is up! Come out with your hands up!
You can't close that. It's unclosable.
I know what you're up to, buddy. Don't think you can hide from me.
Try updating your browser and see if that fixes the problem.
The director has asked the board to nominate him for a second term.
The call is untraceable.
You can't keep beating yourself up over things that happened years ago.
No, I don't need anything.
You deserve each other.
I didn't mean for you to find it.
Things are better now. Don't worry.
Snap out of it. She's not coming back.
Just keep it or throw it away if you don't need it.
I'm scared of what you might say.
Please take me back.
Don't take this the wrong way, but you're just not my type.
I come here all the time.
Go after her. You've still got a chance.
Things like this just happen.
We weren't meant for each other.
We used to be pretty happy together.
I'm not giving you any more rides.
I'm going to have trouble making rent.
You've been asked to leave.
We're not really on speaking terms.
Look, she doesn't want to see you. Get that through your head.
I can't turn it up any louder. That's as loud as it goes.
I was trying to be nonconfrontational.
Take back what you said.
Sorry, I wasn't thinking.
There's nowhere to park.
If you don't get out now, things are just going to keep on getting worse.
I don't want to have to call the cops.
Can I borrow some money? I'll pay you back next week.
The look in her eyes said everything.
It's not your fault. It's not anybody's fault.
Maybe we could have worked out our problems.
What's eating you up?
Things aren't getting better anytime soon.
She's the only person I've ever really trusted.
Sleeping in your car is like camping, sort of.
With money comes power.
Why is it so expensive?
Why does it cost so much?
I'd like a replacement.
Nothing was missing.
You were in my dream.
We're having a little get-together.
I just saw a guy get stabbed.
The injuries were serious but not life-threatening.
There's no way you can jump that far.
We're not married to each other.
Our relationship is completely platonic.
It stopped turning on.
My computer has been randomly shutting off.
It's not making any noise.
I can't think of anything wrong with that.
The light's too dim.
Do you spend a lot of money on clothes?
We had to wear a uniform.
I buy all my clothes online.
There were bars on the windows.
What do you keep in the attic?
I'm prepared to defend myself.
We're rooting for you.
She began sniffing for clues.
You're going to have to spell it out for me.
I couldn't make heads or tails of it.
Sorry, but I'm still not getting it.
Could you speak up?
You're making it more complicated than it needs to be.
It's pretty straightforward, actually.
Are you trying to drive me out of business?
It's in working condition.
I need to clear out my storage unit.
It's free for the taking.
These action figures are in mint condition.
What you would not like for yourself, do not wish it for others.
That's not much of an incentive.
It's cheaper if you buy in bulk.
That word contains four consonants.
I have difficulty pronouncing consonant clusters.
Is "Y" a consonant or a vowel?
Why do humans have two nostrils?
His books were filled with spurious arguments.
You need some evidence to bolster your claim.
I couldn't print the handouts because the printer wasn't working.
Dilute the solution.
Someday you'll meet the right person for you.
I met someone new.
I got a really weird text message.
We heard a knock on the door.
No one's allowed back there.
That's going to leave a bruise.
I'm very content with my life.
There's got to be a logical explanation for this.
The property is vacant.
It's a pretty easy job.
Neither of them are mine.
You can have both of them.
Neither of them belong to me.
None of them belong to me.
None of them are mine.
That one's not mine.
You're still in trouble.
This is cutting-edge technology.
I'll try to check it out.
Quit your laughing.
Your settings have been saved.
Did that ring you were looking for ever turn up?
"Did you get a haircut?" "No, I got them all cut."
Look elsewhere.
It's snowing in April.
A greeting is a type of phatic expression.
Ejective consonants occur more often in languages from mountainous regions.
Let's swap places.
Want to swap places?
Swap it out for a new one.
Your gutters need to be replaced.
I don't want to clean the gutters.
It doesn't get any easier than that.
It's as easy as can be.
That's as simple as it gets.
I already turned my computer off.
That sounds like a lawsuit in the making.
I wasn't provided legal counsel.
I'm surprised you didn't get expelled.
Fold and unfold along each of the lines to make a crease.
People from all over the world covet a table at this very restaurant.
The singer's voice has an otherworldly quality.
Many explanations have been put forward, but none of them are particularly satisfying.
The opinion of a third party is more likely to be trustworthy.
Sorry, I'm supposed to be practicing drawing right now.
Gradual improvements can be hard to notice, but they're still there.
It seems fine to me.
The key broke off in the lock.
You get what you get and you don't throw a fit.
The head, expanding from the neck, contracts to a bluntly pointed anterior end.
When making a video game, keep your scope small.
There are several gold ingots in the safe.
I've never seen a gold ingot in real life.
We are affiliated with a franchise that installed over a million dollars in solar last year.
They'll also be there.
Will they be there too?
Are they also going to be there?
I'm trying to keep you safe.
Let's stay on the path.
Stick to the path.
It sure is windy.
Let go of the fence.
She's rather quaint, but a good friend if you get to know her.
He punctuated his sentences with various superlatives.
This orientation course will teach you everything you need to know.
Surely you jest.
After bonding, more ductile epoxy is used to waterproof the bond.
Spending time in nature is one of the best ways to improve your mood, especially if you’re living in the city, where stress is prevalent.
The President shall promulgate a regulation providing for the mandatory allocation of crude oil.
Being of a diffident nature, he preferred private practice to appearing in the lecture hall.
The stained man took off his cap and replied diffidently.
You're not a scaredy pants, are you?
It's been months since I got the vaccine, but my head is still lacking in cat ears.
If anyone asks, you don't know me.
Just stick to the plan.
Everything's going to be smooth sailing from here on out.
Creating a digital clone of someone's voice is now easier than ever.
Technology is scary.
Deer are the best thing to ever grace this planet.
Twitter announced a new premium service for users in Canada and Australia that allows paying users to adjust tweets, among other features.
The sale of Nile Perch fish maw in Uganda has become a lucrative business, especially for distributors.
Most people would loathe such a career.
People come from all over the world just to see it.
I had a pregnancy scare.
This CAPTCHA is impossible to read.
You were going sixty in a forty-five.
You were doing sixty in a forty-five.
This is not legal advice.
All publicity is good publicity.
Employees and volunteers could be seen cheering and clapping in a video shared at the sight of the empty kennel at Friends of Palm Beach County Animal Care and Control in the city of West Palm Beach.
What are you in for?
The expedition was fraught with disaster.
Velvet fabric is often seen as a sign of luxury.
The initial outlay is quite high, but it's sure to pay off.
The winds are murmuring, ready to rave.
You both did very well.
Johnny Depp's daughter is reportedly recovering from an unspecified serious ailment.
They found that not only do humans need less sleep than chimps, macaques and lemurs, we spend a greater percentage of our slumber in the deeper, more restorative stages of sleep.
"There are very few things that can evoke the kind of emotional response that a great sporting event can evoke," he points out.
I don't want to lose my streak.
Was that directed at me?
This is painstaking work.
Don't tell anyone I told you.
That sounds like a solid investment.
This board game is missing a few pieces.
You stepped on it.
Ew! You stepped on it.
You wouldn't have been able to see it from back there.
It began moving toward us.
Sign here and here, please.
The car came to a stop.
We have a lot of mutual friends.
Is your number still the same?
We're going to have to let you go.
I'm stepping into a new chapter of my life.
People are now using large plantain leaves to store food - a move that has sparked mixed reactions among consumers and restaurateurs.
I'm built different.
It looks great for the most part. Just this one detail seems off to me.
Can I bum a cig?
For some, it's a symbol of victory.
I can't tell if you're being serious.
There's no way it costs that much.
We stopped to take some pictures.
I need some just like these.
I need a couple like these.
"You can make salads with cranberries. You can grind them up and add oranges, apples, whatever other types of fruit, for a relish."
A new material might be strong enough to render even an armor-piercing bullet harmless.
Caretto lives in St. Bernard Parish, a collection of small communities sandwiched between swamps, the Mississippi River and lakes that lead to the Gulf of Mexico.
Lawmakers disagreed over the plan to allot 17 percent of the budget to the oil-rich and largely autonomous northern region of Kurdistan.
U.S. President Barack Obama has again used a major Asia trip to nudge Burma's government toward more rapid reforms.
She also said, “Any mother would rather have a line of the worst scribble from her son or daughter than any fancy greeting card.”
Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez pledged Tuesday to beat the latest surge in COVID-19 cases that has hit the nation, and he urged the Spanish people to remain “alert but serene” as the country works to flatten the increase.
One kind of sea slug can grow to 15 centimeters long.
When he catches one, he presses just the right part of the snail's foot to encourage it to secrete a neurotoxin directly onto a skein of cotton yarn.
Avoid exposure to direct sunlight.
Have you seen my highlighter?
Can I borrow your highlighter?
Dome structures like the Pantheon in Rome have survived for centuries, while other buildings around them have crumbled.
Costumed cast members of Broadway's "The Lion King," L. Steven Taylor, as Mufasa, right, and and Tshidi Manye, as Rafiki, left, appear in Times Square to herald the return of Broadway theater in New York.
It is most likely happening.
Try to blend in.
Try to keep a low profile.
I guess I'll have to take your word for it.
We have established contact.
We need your input.
Diapers are expensive.
He could barely speak as he displayed more pictures of his sons Thursday — carefree, smiling and posing with stuffed toys.
Crazy things happen sometimes.
Gone are the quaint days of milkmaids, milk stools and the pit-pat of a stream of milk into a tin pail in a bucolic barn setting.
The overall mood was particularly cordial, much more cordial than the earlier meetings, which have been cordial enough, but this one was particularly cordial.
Back pain is the most common ailment worldwide, according to a new study.
Or that winds, tides and time have overwhelmed efforts to contain a slick the size of Cyprus, spreading globs of emulsified goo to the very edges of the tender marshes and bayous of Plaquemines Parish, and onto the barrier Chandeleur Islands.
But she always stayed aloof from public life.
"It does very little good to sulk outside the tent in this case," he said.
My point still stands.
I really have to take this call.
Gorelick said that the outcomes of his work in Jordan may be used to evaluate water scarcity in other Middle Eastern countries, such as Syria.
But there were not enough personnel, stationery or cameras to cope with the hastily arranged conference.
Earlier this year, the parts supplier announced it was putting many of its employees on a four-day work week and cutting their pay by 20-percent.
The 64-year old Russian leader mixed tough talk with benevolent promises while addressing disgruntled callers.
Technicians check the hull and interior of the Mayflower Autonomous Ship at its launch site for it's first outing on water since being built in Turnchapel, Plymouth south west England.
From a seaside perch overlooking the hustle and bustle of ships coming and going at Port Canaveral on Florida’s east coast, Dale Ketcham reflects on decades of history with nostalgia.
Experts say a fresh cyclone forming near the island nation of Mauritius could hamper rescue efforts and worsen damage in the region.
I must have missed that part.
You could see the film's twist ending coming from a mile away.
They just have not had the courage to simply say, 'Let us outlaw it.'
For the first time, and this is really unprecedented, we are seeing this very large outbreak in southeastern Australia, in the southeastern states of Queensland, New South Wales, South Australia and Victoria.
According to the Academy's code of conduct, such consequences could entail "suspension of membership or expulsion from membership."
Lebanon, now ravaged by economic, political and health crises, must enact drastic reforms in order to survive, economists say.
It has been dubbed the summit of gloom.
Do you have any other names you go by?
Do you go by any other names?
I know you'll never love me.
I mean nothing to you.
We'll never be together.
I can't forgive myself.
I'm still in pain.
The airbags deployed.
Call me if you're able to come.
I got a cavity filled.
I felt like I was going to throw up.
We're sorry. This content is currently unavailable in your region.
Do you need to be tall to be good at basketball?
This font is hard to read.
It's a one-way ticket. I don't know when I'll be back.
The yard was littered with car parts.
All the windows were boarded up.
Check your spam folder.
The call went straight to voicemail.
The rain is picking up.
The rain started picking up.
Because if you didn’t fit that mould, there was no way for you to express your difference.
U.N. human rights officials are expressing deep dismay at Mali’s decision Wednesday to permanently suspend Radio France International and France 24 from operating there.
The United Nations calls 2007 a wretched year for millions of disaster victims.
From Los Angeles to London, Beijing to Berlin, countries are seeing a supply crunch rarely experienced outside wartime.
They put out a lot of content.
Bookmark this page.
If any of this information gets out to the public, we're toast.
Remember, this is top secret.
Apple's “supplier code of conduct” specifies that all workers in Apple’s supply chain “deserve a fair and ethical workplace.”
Cut along the dotted line.
Beauty fades with time.
I'll let it slide this time.
The Taliban's return to power in Afghanistan in August following a chaotic U.S. withdrawal has led to "unprecedented" suffering among Afghans, a new survey finds.
He also had the task of reading out the names of dozens of countries that co-sponsored the measure that sought to reprimand Moscow.
Leave them be.
It doesn't take long for one of Don Hervig's two Harris's hawks to snare a squirrel.
We're experiencing a high volume of calls.
We're currently experiencing a high volume of calls.
Two 15 million-year-old flowers trapped in amber turn out to be a “completely new” species.
Researchers in New Zealand have developed new technology that could make bridges more resilient to earthquakes.
The company said the levels of cesium - an invisible, tasteless and odorless element - were well below government safety limits, and called its recall action "voluntary."
Locusts are threatening to inflict more pain on some of the most drought-ravaged parts of eastern Australia.
U.S. stocks opened sharply lower Thursday as global investors fret over the coronavirus outbreak and its economic fallout.
The president and first lady arrived at the World War II Memorial and participated in the laying of a wreath.
Can this be written off as a business expense?
What happened next defied all odds.
Sales have been up lately.
I can find it cheaper online.
This model retails for $550.
I'll cut you a deal.
The United States is proposing more international sanctions against North Korea, as part of a wider effort to ramp up pressure on Pyongyang following its most recent missile tests.
He shares the most vile things on Facebook.
The ICRC’s director for the Near and Middle East region, Fabrizio Carboni, just returned from a mission to Yemen and does not mince his words.
We're not always sure we've picked the right words, so we grope.
I'm not singling you out.
She found what she called a “small but significant” difference in reading text from screen versus paper.
A common complaint for busy, stressed out people is not being able to find the time and place to unwind.
You second-guessed yourself.
The flag and crest of the United States Department of Justice is seen at their headquarters in Washington, D.C., May 10, 2021.
Lion's mane jellyfish swim in their display tank at Sea Life Melbourne Aquarium in Melbourne, as the aquarium prepares to open to the public again after Australia eased some of its COVID-19 restrictions.
NASA scientists say they are "flabbergasted" to find that soil on Mars appears rich enough to grow such Earth-bound plants as asparagus.
A United Nations report released Monday said the world is failing to insure that by 2030 all children are receiving an “inclusive and equitable quality education and lifelong learning opportunities.”
NASA embarks on an epic summer road trip tens of millions of miles away.
Military officials in Myanmar’s Rakhine state announced charges Wednesday against a news website accused of sowing distrust in the military.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed off on a new “information security doctrine,” replacing the one he issued in 2000, during the first year of his rule.
This aerial spraying will focus on areas in the central Somali region of Galmudug, Puntland in the northeast, and the self-declared republic of Somaliland, the minister said.
As propositions may be true or false, so also opinion or judgment or conception, may be true or false: for opinion or judgment is only the concluding result of deliberation or reflection — and reflection is the silent dialogue of the mind with itself: while conception or phantasy is the coalescence or conjunction of opinion with present perception.
Mother and I would ride two streetcars to Shaker Heights, where my garrulous Uncle Robert, taciturn Aunt Edna, and irritable teenage cousin Bob would meet us in their Olds 88.
The dinosaur, now called Anzu wyliei, had a beak but no teeth, a long neck, a bony crest on the top of its head and razor-sharp claws.
The ferret slunk between the bars of the gate.
These exercises are also static, meaning you get into position and stay there still for several deep breaths.
"Nobody dared to touch a maggot wound, a serious wound for a donkey," he says.
Researchers have devised a way to generate electricity using raw sewage and special bacteria.
Then they attached bundles of leaflets to the balloons, and let the ocean wind whisk them away, off in the direction of North Korea.
Each participant wore an activity monitor to measure heart rate, perspiration and sleep quality.
After more than three decades together, Kay and Arnold are in a rut with the same routine day after day.
Red Cross emergency response teams, armed with water pumps, are helping irrigate fields hard hit by North Korea's heat wave.
Have you had your lithium levels checked recently?
"At last I have caught you," said the alligator in a nutmeg grater sort of a voice.
When was the last time you had your lithium levels checked?
Your lithium levels were low.
I don't have the energy for that.
Sane people are more of a threat to mentally ill people than vice versa.
United Nations food agencies are warning that COVID-19, conflict and lack of humanitarian aid are increasing levels of acute hunger around the world, with several countries and one region on the brink of famine.
Make good trouble.
"Any individual Wi-Fi device doesn't reach very far, but if you can chain many of them together, then you can provide access over a wider area," said Joshua King, lead developer at Commotion Wireless, an open-source software initiative for mesh networks.
France has detained a Lithuanian cargo ship suspected of causing a 37-kilometer long oil slick off France's northwestern coast.
We'll get through it together.
We're better together.
You always know when I'm not feeling great.
I'll give it my best.
Let's finish the indica.
Happy Summer Solstice!
I don't know if I'm the right person for that.
No one knows what they're doing.
I love him even more now.
We're so old.
I wish we could teleport.
In this sequel, they gather again for a wedding, but this time at a luxury resort in Thailand.
Mr. George told British radio that the crisis is troublesome, but manageable.
As Australia prepares for a census, administrators are trying to address significant undercounting of Indigenous communities.
United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) chief David Shearer said Tuesday that increased inter-communal clashes are causing more suffering in South Sudan and could unravel the country’s fragile peace agreement.
In India, beverage giants Coca-Cola and Pepsi are strongly denying allegations that their drinks have high levels of pesticide residue.
The U.S. has nearly 30,000 troops in South Korea, a remnant of the 1950s Korean War that ended in an armistice rather than a peace treaty.
Where did you leave your shirt?
The exchange rate isn't great at the moment.
I never hid anything from you.
The DRC planning minister has promised a judicial enquiry.
"If all sides are willing to move off of the rut that we are in currently, then I think there is an extraordinary opportunity to make real progress," Mr. Obama said.
Oh, do you really think you just have to snap your fingers to make that happen?
Not everyone dismisses these acts of vandalism as a trifle - a harmless prank.
I recently became aware of a cross-cultural academic nuance that I had to share.
Particles in the disk clump together, forming planetessimals, which then collide with each other, building up to form the planets.
As climate change raises sea levels, salty ocean water is pushing its way inland.
Rosine Ngaxi Alzina, 24, sings a lullaby for her two-week-old baby to sleep.
ECB President Jean-Claude Trichet says Europe's anemic economic performance has greatly reduced any risk that lower interest rates will kindle inflation.
Everything was submitted on time.
The payment didn't go through.
Relax. You'll have your money soon enough.
I saw them live.
That joke wasn't in good taste.
Beijing recently signed a security pact with Solomon Islands, a hitherto traditional ally of Australia in the Pacific.
Under this type of geo-sequestration, carbon dioxide from power plants is compressed into liquid and pumped underground.
And she would whirl and spin and totter around, but she was still standing when Evil Eye Fleagle tried to lay her low with a double whammy.
I am going to become the Joker.
They said the farmers complained of not receiving enough water to irrigate their crops.
I can fix him.
I'd just like to interject for a moment. What you're referring to as Linux is, in fact, GNU/Linux, or as I've recently taken to calling it, GNU plus Linux.
Tension between Iraq and Turkey rose a notch Wednesday after a warning by Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi that the presence of Turkish troops in the north of the country risked provoking a larger regional confrontation.
Where our Kabylie goes, we will go. The light for sure, will shine one day.
If the thyroid gland has been saturated with this cold, stable, harmless iodine, then if the body happens to take in by breathing or by eating or drinking any radioactive iodine, it won’t be taken up in the thyroid.
An internally flawless blue diamond, weighing 10.10 carats, was the star attraction at a recent press event in London.
The sapphire, azure gem that emulates heaven's loftly arch, shall gleam, and softly there the verdant emerald shed its greenest light, and fiery carbuncle flash forth its rosy rays from the pure gold.
First, my dear sir, in political matters, my humble view's are not strong, and trenchant—as yours are become by experience—but exceedingly large, and lenient; because I have never had anything at all to do with politics.
Three groups in parallel developed tests as a key parameter for avian influenza and came up with three different solutions.
A new museum recently opened in Rome to display stolen art recovered by the Italian police squad charged with safeguarding the country's artistic and cultural heritage.
The report’s preface said, “The 2015 edition of The Global Information Technology Report is released at a time when many economies around the world are struggling to ensure that economic growth is equitable and provides benefits for their entire populations.”
At charitable concerts in aristocratic drawing-rooms the Dilettante is in great request.
From the report of the Secretary of the Treasury you will perceive that the fiscal means, present and accruing, are insufficient to supply the wants of the Government for the current year.
For months, only a trickle of aid has entered Ethiopia’s northern region of Tigray, parts of which the U.N. says are likely in a state of famine.
His eyes were truculent again, his lips in the pout that had been on them when he had entered.
Listen, stay where you are! What's the use of wriggling?
Two-factor authentication is enabled.
At the risk of spoiling my story and of being taken for a coxcomb, I state my intention at the outset.
This kind of writing I do not remember to have seen hitherto attempted in our language.
Ha! Ha! I'm using the Internet!
I can barely think right now.
The natural instinct of travellers at their journey's end is to seek for rest and change of attire.
Make a wish!
You're not supposed to tell anyone what you wished for.
Would you like to do a dab?
